Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as we return to.
Timothy Sackton: The outside of Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: As the sun climbs towards mid day for companions leave.
Timothy Sackton: The city heading north.
Timothy Sackton: One part of their tale ending.
Timothy Sackton: They do not know it yet, but their stories are already beginning to be woven.
Timothy Sackton: into the song of this year by halfway mark keepers.
Timothy Sackton: years later hassling storytellers will recount how in a small village on the edge of Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: For unlikely Wanderers matt drawn together by chance and circumstances dangerous not seen for a generation began creeping across the border wild creatures, full of all consuming hunger, driven by the evil energy of the best.
Timothy Sackton: The story terrell's tellers will weave the song of yours past into the tale for the song of this year, like all yours does not stand alone.
Timothy Sackton: Well, this story has many beginnings most to tell this tale start in the year of joyful rains long ago, when the fraternity of the empty moon a cult of werewolves tried and failed to draw pandemonium closer to town.
Timothy Sackton: were defeated by the dunmurry outside took our driven East and forgotten.
Timothy Sackton: fusing the tail of the fraternity wandering in the wild lands and fall for even among the happenings on all parts of the song are known.
Timothy Sackton: But all sing of the moment and nameless werewolf charismatic and smart came to the ruin city of Carson seeking to rally the offspring of genetic to his cause to rebuild the fraternity and succeed, whereas forebears had failed.
Timothy Sackton: carrying the lauren prophecies of his ancestors rescued from the fall of the fraternity before and with a plan to return to that place near Tokyo where pandemonium lurks tantalizingly close he gathered a small following and set them searching.
Timothy Sackton: He was looking for magic for some item of power and significance that would attract the attention of another power in the desert the hag adopted dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: Here the storytellers sing the sour harmonies of a gotcha into the tail the old all the old ally of shimano left defeated on the edge of Denmark working in ways, large and small, to make life miserable for the donmar a the bitter notes for melody echoing into the past and future.
Timothy Sackton: Strong in her own right, yes, but mostly using her large and growing collection of items of magical power to assert influence on.
Timothy Sackton: And then the key discarded note that will bring the tell back to the unlikely companions in.
Timothy Sackton: The chance that brought a great artifact of power from the drink Korean empire, a sector that gives its bout bear the power of command to the nameless werewolf leader and his subsequent meeting with a got.
Timothy Sackton: The song of the structure of command, we as through many ages far back before the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: And that story is one that is not told here today of this year, at least not in full, but it was found by werewolves perhaps not entirely by chance.
Timothy Sackton: For this I got there would trade much the song tower, she would give the werewolves the way to break the mystical protections of Denmark to let them enter unharmed and a distraction a way that was something that would let them slip into toker I noticed.
Timothy Sackton: And so the trade was made the werewolf leader gift to the scroll to bring a demon of the best photographer who could create an army of savage knowles to unleash brutality and drive the done Mari West and a promise that I got that would deal with chicagoans defenses personally.
Timothy Sackton: It is here that the story returns to our travelers and CARA facing news of knoll attacks and rumors of a demon cursed ruin in the north.
Timothy Sackton: storytellers things of their deeds facing off against the demon and driving it back the best freeing the hundreds of beasts Captain pens there for transformation into knowles the beast now safe to roam again on the Northern plains.
Timothy Sackton: songs grow in the telling and here many wonder for a God that did nothing straightforward.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps she to needed the werewolf leader, for she had made a promise not to cross north of the old trade road and in the deserts of the South, far too few animals live to create an army of knowles.
Timothy Sackton: Some wonder whether she might have what she might have done with an army had the for travelers not killed the demon.
Timothy Sackton: For the story tells that her servants waited in the demon cursed for watching perhaps redirecting some of the hordes for her own purpose has long been known that she greatly desired the rumor dream magic of the mistimed cocoon, for example.
Timothy Sackton: factor here, as with the no search contained or story turns to sugar coated in her service Center.
Timothy Sackton: Here that tells muddled in the song strange for foreign gods keep secrets, even from the half.
Timothy Sackton: Yet if our heroes were listening, they would know the details, how a godsend Lord Sintra out of care well with dreams of her daughter's illness.
Timothy Sackton: deceived her into removing from care where the heart of Chicago and the artifact that kept the divine protections on the eastern border of Denmark intact.
Timothy Sackton: How got a kindle centrist daughter to me and kept central prisoner on threat of death of her daughter, and how they learned if all this later than perhaps they would have liked from kendra's SP Croatia could skilled in many things, except making decisions in a crisis.
Timothy Sackton: storytellers the details are murky do not neglect our here as at the moment, they can front of God to in the desert South Carolina the tempo of the song rises for here comes the half links moment of glory the killing arrow from point blank range.
Timothy Sackton: Where the gods that defeated the heart restored all seems safe except there are heroes don't know it yet storytellers thing of the fraternity of the empty moon hard at work in Tokyo seemingly secure in their anonymity waiting until the time is right for the long prophesied rich.
Timothy Sackton: They are stymied only by the cruelty and madness of pandemonium itself for even generic servants cannot simply ignore the confusion disorientation of trying to approach the pandemonium data nests.
Timothy Sackton: Until a lucky break a chance discovery in the archives of toker of a way in I didn't wittingly revealed to the werewolf called by the dunmurry scholar go here.
Timothy Sackton: Now the towel reaches its climax the discovery of the layer of the fraternity go very rescued the nameless leader killed will try, while he was trying to flee trying to escape to try again in some future time or a year.
Timothy Sackton: The final epilogue the battle of the myths of madness, when our for companions not strong and confident in their power for the weekend husk of a creature of pandemonium itself someone at the wrong time with the wrong words, yet still dangerous and dead at.
Timothy Sackton: The song draws to a close and yet, like all hassling songs that lead melodies that linger and blend into the stories to come.
Timothy Sackton: The fate of the sector of commands still hangs in the balance it's tell a song for another day the reverberations of a goddess defeat color the songs of many years to come, and of course the for Wanderers, for this is not the end of theirs.
Timothy Sackton: And so, he returned to Dartmouth kenzo seeker, and while he is the head North out of toker waiting to see what their next chapter of their story will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Originally schwartz's idea actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I love that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: extended.
Eric Rosenbaum: With with baxter and the ladder and everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh where's baxter.
Timothy Sackton: bobby's writing him now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think so yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When I stopped to pick him up, I told their story to one of the hassling storytellers.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: When are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So where are we physically again.
Timothy Sackton: Just outside toker.
Mike Sackton: We were heading North from him, like the plan was to.
Mike Sackton: Actually, finally go to.
Mike Sackton: Sarah I can ever remember her name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: taka taka.
taka.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the question is.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were the monks doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are several question is what were the monks doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
With Ryan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Over 30 years ago.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because they failed at something and everybody like died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Except for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Her and I was with them or not with them that's really clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: And nice thing is, we now know.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is just not related to the whole thing that just happened with the gods and the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, because you know again TIM alluded to the second force in the desert, which is garage plus ou.
Mike Sackton: TIM also alluded to the fact that the sector of command might not have ended up in the werewolf hands by accident.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so whatever force whatever garages bosses, I think that is connected and related to the fishman monk, and the rye.
Art yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: See TIM we've we've basically got to figure it out.
Totally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wrapped up in a couple of sessions.
Mike Sackton: If we've had to suck at a couple of sessions i'll be.
shocked.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Should we stop and see what all the monks of lot of walk are doing by the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no we're gonna go straight to saka.
Mike Sackton: saka before we do that he made.
Timothy Sackton: So here's my question ah, all you know about soccer is she travels with her family, of course, herders on the plains north of Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: So where you are, you are right here.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry right there right outside Tokyo which direction are you heading.
Timothy Sackton: Do North northeast along the river Northwest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the answer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're headed in the direction of where socket is that's the.
Mike Sackton: theme, we see soccer and.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can, maybe make some kind of seasonal based inference so first of all it's now.
didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see what's summertime.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: They didn't um Somebody tell us where soccer was usually found.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker not speaker Laura i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The head of the head of the.
Mike Sackton: head of the what's your name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what is her name TIM.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: A high priestess.
Mike Sackton: Because I have said she knew who soccer was and that.
Mike Sackton: yeah we.
Mike Sackton: Somehow.
Timothy Sackton: In the plains north of duck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably no more than a few days journey from the city, she said.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah that's right.
Mike Sackton: Though.
Timothy Sackton: i'm asking us which direction are you headed.
Mike Sackton: let's go along the river.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what I was thinking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree, but then let's also like you know we can use animals and maybe other means to a finding her.
Timothy Sackton: Emily there might be other people around.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna.
Mike Sackton: Keep an eye out for people and just I mean she's got she's not.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: The impression I had was she's not like you know hide right.
Mike Sackton: Right so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just like nomadic.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I think we just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Open plains country.
Timothy Sackton: fairly open plains yeah so so you begin traveling along the river and the river is is.
Timothy Sackton: Quite dry at this point it's it's barely a slow muddy trickle um.
Timothy Sackton: it's certainly not flowing fast or swiftly enough for boats to to you know ply the trade, north and south up up and down the river from here.
Timothy Sackton: hopefully soon the monsoon rains will.
Come.
Timothy Sackton: And when they do the River will fail and the docks you know the boats that are now sort of sitting dried and the mud will lift and there will be more traffic, but right now you're mostly sort of making your way slowly through parched fields.
Timothy Sackton: You know, are you, you know paths paths, some people there's a small sort of farming community along the river north of Tokyo, but.
Timothy Sackton: You know nothing.
Timothy Sackton: People seem in pretty dire straits here as as you walk like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, everybody is hungry there's nothing is growing there's few animals around If you recall, there was a.
Timothy Sackton: plague that spread through many of the horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: In fact you for our automated.
Eric Rosenbaum: magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: aqueduct is doing.
Timothy Sackton: that's pretty far to the east.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I know, but I wish I could make another one to help people yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hundreds of refugees are fleeing the flooding.
Eric Rosenbaum: People doing it by doing that it must be working great yes.
Timothy Sackton: By the time you had returned to Tokyo and gathered your supplies.
Timothy Sackton: You know left word with people that you were heading North it was probably noon.
Timothy Sackton: And you know, the first day or so passes, you know, maybe 12 hours of or sorry 12 miles of slow riding along the river banks.
Timothy Sackton: You know, most of the people you encounter are sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know if you ask around will sort of point generally north.
Timothy Sackton: sockets family is our horse herders.
Timothy Sackton: and have been.
Timothy Sackton: Staying, you know as soon as the rumor of disease spreads nobody wants to come to Tokyo, especially with their have their livelihood is herds of horses.
Timothy Sackton: So, nobody has been around nobody knows exactly where she adds but keep going north is the message you get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was there anything sinister about the cause of the horse plague remember what the story was.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you have you don't know people you know, there are diseases right so.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't have to be sinister but conceivably could be sinister.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not related to like have to be right.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's not related to like entropy they're not turning into where horses that bite people or anything they're just dying.
Timothy Sackton: So you set camp along the river.
Timothy Sackton: I assume.
Timothy Sackton: keep watch as typical.
Timothy Sackton: This is the the moon, is just past full tonight still.
Timothy Sackton: visually as far as you can see, still.
Timothy Sackton: fall, but you know slowly dropping.
Timothy Sackton: are slowly slowly inching it's way past fall towards.
Timothy Sackton: Where does it waning.
Timothy Sackton: So I assume you're.
Timothy Sackton: you're.
Timothy Sackton: Setting your usual watch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you asking us these questions to.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just curious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um I mean this is pretty settled area so.
Timothy Sackton: The night path is quite.
Timothy Sackton: Hot dusty dry.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry i'm just typing the message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am I turning it over awesome.
Timothy Sackton: And you wake.
Timothy Sackton: To a.
Timothy Sackton: bright dawn.
Timothy Sackton: Sound of birds.
Timothy Sackton: What few birds, there are in this this dry all the grasses turn Brown.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, the land needs rain.
Timothy Sackton: continue to head North along the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How did everybody.
Timothy Sackton: waiting to see if anybody wants to talk to each other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well it's really nice nothing in the city anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everybody else sleep well.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Mike Sackton: A normal night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How do you sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have to say i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Still can't shake the feeling that i'm going to turn into a werewolf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I know i'm not according to risk when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking at having these weird dreams like I mentioned earlier, you know this kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feeling almost that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a sound of like hammers you know which.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see here I don't know if it's borden or or what but something you know this feeling that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That I was deep underground and that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As long as those hammers were present, as long as that that sound was nearby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The nightmares would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dissipate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I don't know if that means I should cuddle up a little bit closer to your bedroll tonight, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: What we can make you a little underground sleep chamber.
Mike Sackton: reminding.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where will be looks up at you three feet up the big spoon.
I will.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What does it mean, but the question Doug was questions.
Mike Sackton: But yeah what why why werewolves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I you know i've just been having these dreams, since I got bit so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It could be something else but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean i've been known to have strange dreams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is once you underground.
Mike Sackton: When did you first have that then the night after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah wasn't the night after I got bit.
Timothy Sackton: Last night or two nights ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, this is now the second night in a row.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: same dream.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): same tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Essentially yeah.
Mike Sackton: Wait did we go to the pandemonium place that we sleep between.
Mike Sackton: When he got when we got bit and we went to spend the money.
Mike Sackton: The pandemonium Okay, and you had the dream before we went to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, before pendant on you.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm TIM is there, like a spirit possession problem that's a known issue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, for example, you like kill a werewolf and dying they.
hop into.
Timothy Sackton: My God.
Timothy Sackton: My camera legend check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just second d&d beyond was being weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not showing up in the right place, when I mouse over it that's weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: do the right thing.
Yes, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Not that you can remember.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know, of course, about the effects of being infected by the curse but not the sort of nothing you can remember that has to do with like.
Timothy Sackton: Killing werewolf being bad or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about the underground hammering thing is that indicative of anything, aside from the obvious like borbon forge activity, there are other things that could symbolize.
Timothy Sackton: I mean from Kansas description, it sounds quite Torben to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you're dreaming again tonight keep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): keep paying attention move towards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More towards the hammers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's the safety is the hammers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it a single hammer it steady, is it fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It sounds like many hammers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Multiple hammers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also like a bellows it definitely sounded like crafts work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm hot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sizzling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know that type of thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: middle forge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: metal forge yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't work.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: or blown glass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's a good point him tonight when I go to sleep, I will I will do that I will, I will try to lucid dream and then you know go go closer to the hammer see if I can see anybody discern location.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: If you have the dream again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I had the dream well when I have the dreaming i'm gonna have to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So when when it happens next console be ready for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man, I also have a don't have like a middle working kit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Neither masonry.
Timothy Sackton: masonry glass blowing you've got a bunch of stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could, I have the tools to like sit by the fire heat up some a small piece of metal red hot and banging against a piece of stone see if that Jersey memory of the dream.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll make a little letter opener.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's not bad, and then see how I feel I feel good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This idea.
Mike Sackton: Anything else happened.
Mike Sackton: That day when we killed the werewolves.
Mike Sackton: You take anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah any objects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: look like, so we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Knowing us, we will tend to have carried off anything not bolted, down to the ground, there was a whole chest, full of stuff in that building wasn't there wouldn't we take.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We took a ton of stuff that some party treasure, but none of it is like specifically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sort of to kenzo none of it is specifically sort of any of us really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait how do I get to party true.
Mike Sackton: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: it's a Google Doc.
Mike Sackton: there's a Google Doc.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's not in d&d beyond.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe I keeps.
Timothy Sackton: promising saying that they are going to have a party inventory, but.
Timothy Sackton: They don't have it yet.
Timothy Sackton: here's the link.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we got this whole page of werewolf temple crap.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot of like.
Timothy Sackton: holy symbols of werewolf cult type things.
Timothy Sackton: And there's like a scroll of like make Panda pandemonium come here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right so obviously I have to scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just in case.
Timothy Sackton: Just in case you need a little pandemonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: Combined with the.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it a hobgoblin means.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're you know it could really unless.
Mike Sackton: We should just.
Mike Sackton: Give the hobgoblin made that scroll and see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And the Tower half the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror still back at the monster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because we haven't gotten the portable yet.
Mike Sackton: Right, who wrote one a decorated hero from the fraternity and.
Mike Sackton: that's very good under the rope ladders, we have to robo.
Timothy Sackton: That was.
Timothy Sackton: I wrote that.
Mike Sackton: What is a decorated hero.
Mike Sackton: Whenever.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I was like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you might not and then I added the other one.
Mike Sackton: That yes and the ruler.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just the one of the ladders is.
Mike Sackton: I did the two rope ladders, I did the party treasure, what are the two rope ladders as a decorated here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From the combat I mean it's accurate.
Mike Sackton: So lily.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, so the iron pendant.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we check these things for magic.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yes.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not the only thing that was magical where the scrolls.
Timothy Sackton: potions on the short sword, which will be is carrying.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the one the single melee event that the short sword was involved in was.
Mike Sackton: Having dealt with yes.
Mike Sackton: Yes, quitting.
Mike Sackton: least the previous round, I had failed my save and therefore.
Mike Sackton: could cast my spouse, so you did take damage.
Mike Sackton: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm rogatis.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um I yeah I don't think anything else happened, other than less than, then you know getting bitten by the werewolves so.
Mike Sackton: Could the cure have done something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's interesting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We only have to wait one more month to find out right.
Mike Sackton: The cure brought the gods closer to you right.
Mike Sackton: Maybe there's an race when is a dwarf.
Mike Sackton: And the GM is smiling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: GM is smiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you're onto something there actually though it's an interesting hypothesis.
Mike Sackton: Could you have found a connection to some.
Mike Sackton: You do collect connections to god's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well what's strange is and these dreams I I don't actually 10 maybe, can you elaborate more about what is the nightmare aspect of the dream like is it just a feeling of terror, or is there actually like.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a feeling no it's more a feeling of.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can't quite remember but but it's like you feel it's like a feeling of blood lost almost like what you're sort of running from as a desire to just like unleashed violence upon the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For meat on loosely device.
Timothy Sackton: for you to unleash the violence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Like the night, the nightmare you like what bits of the nightmare, if you can remember, is like.
Timothy Sackton: You killing.
Timothy Sackton: Joe Hart or.
Timothy Sackton: rishi like somebody from your past or kajsa like somebody you, like you, killing your family basically.
Timothy Sackton: Is the bit of the nightmare, you can remember, but not in detail.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems to be driven off every time.
Timothy Sackton: Every time you hear the hammers or the or the other.
Timothy Sackton: sounds of the forge around you.
Timothy Sackton: The nightmares flee and you sort of feel your sense of yourself returns.
Mike Sackton: That is the nightmare that the werewolves brings not did, that the the.
Mike Sackton: Forget his name the dwarf, who we saved.
Mike Sackton: talked about done Yes, he he talked about feeling.
Mike Sackton: Having nightmares of killing his family.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, this is what I think i'm still infected.
Mike Sackton: Are you, though, or is this just the.
Mike Sackton: Is it an after effect of the of the cure.
Eric Rosenbaum: What exactly was here, there was when used it was.
Eric Rosenbaum: One of the dwarves and gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh it was.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean she's a forge cleric so that Torben stone.
Timothy Sackton: stone worker.
Mike Sackton: It it sounds like you're almost reenacting the cure, and you drink so maybe it's an ECHO, or maybe it's incomplete.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah maybe you should find resume let me get back to town and do do to do the ceremony, you know, a handful more times, make sure I fully clear it out of my system.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Although the object that I used was the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: little piece of rye, that I carry around my neck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if that matters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you noticed in anything in relation to that artifact lately.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think so.
No.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps is, do we know if the soccer.
Mike Sackton: priestess she aquatic have some can.
Mike Sackton: We know we don't know.
Timothy Sackton: she's a master of the beach my missed I missed I.
Timothy Sackton: have not heard stories as to whether she can do magic right.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if i'd done my God would.
Mike Sackton: affect a more.
Mike Sackton: Prominent cure or less disturbing here with laughs after effects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless i'm not so worried, I mean the worst case for me is that I become possessed and try to kill you all in your sleep but.
Mike Sackton: it's a we should be more worried than you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean that's part of what i'm suggesting until we can get back to either the back to the monastery I think my Maya my brother and can assist me better there i'm sure that i'm fully cleanse But until then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will call closer to seeker and.
Eric Rosenbaum: or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: try not to kill you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could, I could manifest it a large and comfortable cage each night.
Mike Sackton: We have no reason to fear for a month Valerie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I have had these nights two nights in a row, and also the GM asked about what order our watch was so.
Timothy Sackton: Your understanding of like entropy is the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The night the.
Timothy Sackton: moon is the fullest and the nate on either side, or the most dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: And we're about this, so now you are on your next.
Timothy Sackton: two nights path the full moon is tonight.
Mike Sackton: So when I see if it gets better instead of worse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: tins I think you're gonna be okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think i'll be fine as well, you all i'm a little more worried about, but I thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have the protection of Durban God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, let us, let us proceed.
Timothy Sackton: The following the River North as the sun rises higher in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Things are.
Timothy Sackton: The land is it you now sort of travel beyond the farms and and you're riding along a high cliff the little bit of the river that still trickles here falling.
Timothy Sackton: running at the base of this cliff and that the land is rockier here and not really good good for farming there's just Eric bits of.
Timothy Sackton: sort of toughs of vegetation and stuff you can see, you know occasionally in the distance you'll see a herd of antelope or something moving through.
Timothy Sackton: But even the animals look.
Timothy Sackton: tired and and hot and.
Timothy Sackton: In somewhat desperate straits it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: That the range usually would be here by the beginning of July and it's only a few days late but it's been an intense summer and so.
Timothy Sackton: The land itself seems to be feeling the effects of this.
Timothy Sackton: The heat in the sun.
Timothy Sackton: Until about.
Timothy Sackton: Mid afternoon you don't see anybody.
Timothy Sackton: But after going maybe about.
Timothy Sackton: 10 miles or so.
Timothy Sackton: Through the through the early morning and after stopping for lunch, you see.
Timothy Sackton: In the distance in a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: In a place where the cliffs drop away briefly and there's a little river bank with a.
Timothy Sackton: handful of small trees growing there and some shade, you see, about 10 or 15 tense of.
Timothy Sackton: Dunbar a tense setup.
Timothy Sackton: looks like a small cap of some kind, maybe a mile from where you are.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: down to the River up on the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: you're up on the cliff looking down, maybe two miles the cliff slopes down to this.
Timothy Sackton: it's like you're on a promissory and it.
It slows down.
Timothy Sackton: And the the campus in the the.
Timothy Sackton: Where the land has slowed down to be level with the River bank.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah let's get down to it.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach, you can see that this is a group of maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 20 or 30.
Timothy Sackton: People families a fair number of kids running around and they seem to be goat herders primarily there's a large flock of goats and a man rides over as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: Initially shouts in done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: whoa travelers Where are you where do you hail from and then like does a double take and realizes very few of you are humans and like looks back at the camp and.
Timothy Sackton: looks at you again and says.
Timothy Sackton: And what are such strange folk doing in these lands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hello traveler.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My name is kenza from the monastery and okra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And with our fellow companions here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we journey North from toe keira in search of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in search of a an old friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of soccer.
Timothy Sackton: Do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you seen soccer, we were told that that her family, maybe in this area.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: They are last I heard camped about 30 miles due north of here.
Timothy Sackton: Why do you seek her, she is not.
Timothy Sackton: She is not prone to speak with strangers, you do not.
Timothy Sackton: eat glad that.
Timothy Sackton: The fear three companions.
Timothy Sackton: You do not look like you are from these lessons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My uh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My spiritual path as, I might say it is aligned with soccer and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're very much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeking her guidance and her her wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: more power to you, but.
Timothy Sackton: Be warned.
Timothy Sackton: She is not.
Timothy Sackton: She is not always welcoming of strangers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you have any advice as we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attempt to find.
Timothy Sackton: not know her well.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: her family is protective.
Timothy Sackton: And she seems.
Timothy Sackton: angry.
Timothy Sackton: Much of the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, I appreciate greatly your your your words and you seem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You seem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: generous with your your your thoughts in your advice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else you may know about soccer that may be helpful of us again we we truly common a spirit of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeking and learning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And would really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The last of our objectives would be to offend her in any way.
Timothy Sackton: Like I say I did not know her wow.
Timothy Sackton: I did not know her hardly at all, except we travel the same paths, of course.
Timothy Sackton: know each other's camps and family.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the she had a large family.
Timothy Sackton: She travels with one of the larger groups in this area, yes there's maybe 50 or 60 of them typically at her camp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gone sorry some.
Timothy Sackton: Some come some go but.
Timothy Sackton: The group changes with the weather in the seasons.
Timothy Sackton: Not all relatives, but.
Timothy Sackton: But many.
Timothy Sackton: I believe she was one of.
Timothy Sackton: A number of siblings and her nieces and nephews and great nieces and nephews.
Timothy Sackton: are quite numerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there's some.
Eric Rosenbaum: gift, we might bring.
Eric Rosenbaum: to ease our entry Sir any what might you typically share at this time in the dry season.
Timothy Sackton: Exchanging of gifts is always welcome.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
Timothy Sackton: Something with meaning.
Timothy Sackton: cannot say what that would be.
Timothy Sackton: Again, it seems a little.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a bit uncertain as to like even how he should address like a dwarf an elephant and half keeps looking over at that with like who hasn't said anything but he's like a little unsure if.
Timothy Sackton: That was even speaks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: traveler, what is your name again i'm 10s of from.
Timothy Sackton: minus name is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: generated.
Timothy Sackton: i've used, like all the names on my list I spoke with less me, that is, I need to like delete things as I use them because.
Timothy Sackton: My name is Karen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Karen these are my companions I apologize for not properly having them introduce themselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with like an.
elbow.
Mike Sackton: i've dealt with.
Mike Sackton: traveler from.
Mike Sackton: far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and health.
Timothy Sackton: Now, I can see yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not many of those around.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I am seeker if I keep in the north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm will be in this is baxter.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's just very friendly.
Timothy Sackton: he's he has been sort of looking nervously it at you as well.
Timothy Sackton: And like glancing at baxter and then it has go it's in back at baxter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: baxter's very well behaved i'd worry more about the Elf i'm kidding i'm kidding you don't worry about it i'll see.
Timothy Sackton: You all come from such great distances.
Timothy Sackton: What brings you to our lands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've had quite a quite an adventure the past number of months here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can share more at some point, but the short version is we've we've been doing our best to help us, we can help us, we can and the various lens and in Denmark and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, again, we are, I myself am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: connected to the the lock and monastery here in tow keira on spend many years are spent X yeah has been many years there, and so we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appreciate very much your help.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of looks looks over at you again and says.
Timothy Sackton: That the monastery i've been there once some time ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When were you there.
Timothy Sackton: About.
Timothy Sackton: Eight years ago.
Timothy Sackton: That was before I nine years ago.
Timothy Sackton: I was just there.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't stay but.
Timothy Sackton: For one of the.
Timothy Sackton: One of.
Timothy Sackton: The ceremonies that.
Timothy Sackton: unlock as day.
Timothy Sackton: When the shining stone lights up the sun.
Timothy Sackton: It was quite the site.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is.
Timothy Sackton: Beautiful beautiful in January.
It is.
Timothy Sackton: Now it is too hot.
Timothy Sackton: And there is no rain.
Timothy Sackton: And everybody's horses are dying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the source of this plague.
Timothy Sackton: So many people fled from the east.
Timothy Sackton: That many animals and people gather together it's a miracle there was not more disease and death, I say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Thousands of people kept on the River all up and down, north and south of toker from a month at least.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, I wonder if that's the source of soccer's caution as well, is to avoid infection that would make sense.
Timothy Sackton: I think she.
Timothy Sackton: She she's been like this ever since i've known of her.
Mike Sackton: Her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long have you known over.
Timothy Sackton: 20 years, maybe.
Mike Sackton: kenzo I suspect her experiences 30 years ago would have left her wary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait.
Timothy Sackton: What do you know of What did she experienced 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: story is new to me.
Mike Sackton: I think it is maybe when she should share at her own volition, instead of strangers telling you about your own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
grammars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kiran again we we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My own my own history as well, I, I am also missed I have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: visited mislay right yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Why am I missing marcia Kuhn.
Mike Sackton: Raw food and walk at your at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your at your try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me try, Mr i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm I like soccer i'm also a mist I have the schema and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is primarily why I and we we see her now so her history, I think, on her past before coming to the north and i'm sure there are parts and reasons that only she can knows, and you can share as to why she's here and why she left but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is part of why we seek her.
Timothy Sackton: Has eyes light up a little bit when you when you mentioned that and he says.
Timothy Sackton: What has happened to your order when I was a kid 40 years ago I used to remember the days when a monk would come to camp and.
Timothy Sackton: write down our stories and tell stories of their own.
Timothy Sackton: My kids have never seen that seems.
Timothy Sackton: Like a great loss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our order has gone through much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's been, as many of us throughout tabar have suffered but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My hope is certainly in the future that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be schema and our order can bring back some of that same spirit, so that the world needs to.
Timothy Sackton: I will say I miss.
Timothy Sackton: Those were joyous days in camp.
Timothy Sackton: it's not that many new stories out on the plans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you know I may not be the best storyteller but and kensal kind of thrusts will be different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we do have a number of primary storytellers year, but a number of gifted storytellers that I know and perhaps maybe not in this maybe not today, but maybe on our on our return, we can share some stories around your campfire.
Timothy Sackton: will be here till the reins at least.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): start.
Timothy Sackton: She volley is rarely late, but she seems to be this year.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps her attention is elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: soon I hope.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: We pray daily.
Timothy Sackton: And I hope our prayers give her energy to lift the reins over the mountains.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, well Karen this has been a wonderful chance encounter with you and we will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We would be delighted to stop by your camp and break bread and share some stories upon our return.
Timothy Sackton: You you are certainly welcome to our hospitality.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And please do come and visit us in the monastery again I know the the monks, there are always hospitable so.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, I will.
Timothy Sackton: It is almost time to bring my youngest to see the lock a day light.
Timothy Sackton: For now, I think, old enough to remember it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is a sight to behold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kind of glass the back of the companions there's a lot of cool stuff and to grow, we haven't had a chance to see any of it, he probably wants.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about the.
Mike Sackton: tree hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's the tree there's like a day actually I had totally probably not mention this at all, but on every month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a really a powerful and beautiful alignment of nature and technology scattered all throughout the area mediated in part by the construction of monks I haven't shown any of it to you, but it's there.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's more about that.
Mike Sackton: Balance sounds like something secret interested.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You would be interested seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It actually is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As the kids say it's pretty cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not too late to head back.
Eric Rosenbaum: With.
Our.
Mike Sackton: I think our fate is pointing us toward socket now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): onward.
onward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you Karen.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, I hope, you're I hope you're meeting with stock is.
Timothy Sackton: What you hope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know before we leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think seeker my friends here brought up a good point is there is there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meaningful in the dry season, or because I agree that that having a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An artifact of gratitude would be would be useful, is there anything you think of that might be meaningful in the dry season, other than water.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I think stories are nourishment for these people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: It occurs to me and I reached into my a deeper layer of pockets, where i've got some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Small hand bound books.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps you might like legendary staff of kenzo this.
Eric Rosenbaum: One of our great adventures or infinite infinite gates of kenzo If you recall the sequel in which one chooses a path through the novel.
Eric Rosenbaum: knows, do you close the gate you decide.
Eric Rosenbaum: And these are stories of our own experience.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know the world.
Timothy Sackton: That we might jump down into.
Timothy Sackton: A circle of nodes that are will try to kill you.
Timothy Sackton: there's also leave that with.
Eric Rosenbaum: The choice of legendary stealth of kenzo created around the same time, consisting of a map and some hand carved magical figurines but i've yet to actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: revise the rule book for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: game of the playing of roles.
Mike Sackton: I think.
legendary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: legendary feasting of kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: loved Leslie kills his companions in their sleep um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps I can make a copy of one of these.
Mike Sackton: It seems to me that soccer might be quite.
Mike Sackton: interested in news of.
Mike Sackton: Her old home.
Mike Sackton: As far as we know, she has not been back.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that's where the hall of stories was wasn't it.
Mike Sackton: yeah it's a bit and.
Mike Sackton: We have a.
Mike Sackton: We have a number of stories from there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Quite a thing to share.
Mike Sackton: including some of the tales of the.
Mike Sackton: ghosts to remain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At a character that dealt with knows that the gut bacteria and still standing there right like he's like still like saying like I was like 40.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's kind of his eyes are kind of going wide.
Mike Sackton: Ah yeah sure why not.
Timothy Sackton: That.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinda like steps in front of dollars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right like directly in front, so he can't be like yeah like that.
Timothy Sackton: Cartels are two grand for me I just met something some small token that is meaningful to you is what we usually exchange like say.
Timothy Sackton: Something carved of an antelope bone into a pretty design or.
Timothy Sackton: A necklace we made of.
Timothy Sackton: feathers and beads not um.
Timothy Sackton: This is this is two grand and and scary for for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Karen I appreciate greatly your sentiments my my colleague is a little frightening he's old he's very old so just it's it's fine he draws energy from a shadow around it's not all about, but, but again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We appreciate greatly your your fellowship and look forward to more more stories soon.
Timothy Sackton: I will be a few tier journeys and and pray for your.
Timothy Sackton: Safe encounters deed and and, as always, for rain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: page of all the major major volley bless us soon.
Timothy Sackton: d sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Like gives you a sort of little bow and then turns to ride ride back to his camp and you can see, as he's riding back like there's like three kids that have been sort of like crouched.
Timothy Sackton: peeking out of one of the tents and they come rushing up to him as as he writes back and he's like pointing that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shadow health.
Timothy Sackton: So he said 30 miles roughly do north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ship them my gift them one of the mechanical animals we got.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah from evil which bucket possibly go wrong i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): number.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: animals.
Timothy Sackton: Are not magical they weren't I mean she didn't make them.
Timothy Sackton: And they were of Durban make.
Mike Sackton: We have the six little we have a bunch of little.
Mike Sackton: carved like animals that we that I get the head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like wind up in the.
Mike Sackton: White little wind up toys basic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God, but we don't but are they cursed something or others.
Timothy Sackton: We don't are not magical as far as you know, I mean they're not magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shirts, they have to give the unsuspecting children what could go wrong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give them the goat cuz there.
Mike Sackton: yeah totally.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: who may tend to go.
Mike Sackton: I will go.
Eric Rosenbaum: To so when the adults are all turned away, and only the gap.
Mike Sackton: is exactly.
Mike Sackton: try to do it so only the kids see and just drop it right by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a.
Timothy Sackton: Look, and like the oldest has like the middle one is the girl, and the two other ones that are boys and the girl goes to look at in the oldest like shouts out of the way and, like picks it up like puts on his hand and it's like they're all done looking at it.
Timothy Sackton: And then she like grabs it, and then they start talking in the youngest like sits down, and then they start like looking like it's about the crime than they both like give the toy to the youngest and.
Timothy Sackton: start to try and figure it out and kind of look the oldest kind of looks slightly over you like, with a questioning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we went back.
Timothy Sackton: sort of waves, as you write off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is totally the plot of like an 824 movie called the goat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a it's like a weird comedy horror.
movie.
Timothy Sackton: Two years later toker is.
Timothy Sackton: attacked by a man giant mechanical.
Mike Sackton: 30 miles to go.
Mike Sackton: We can do this.
Timothy Sackton: Is it is mid day So if you ride into the evening you could arrive, you know get another 10 miles in today and then arrive by.
Timothy Sackton: early evening the following day.
Timothy Sackton: am going to stay well be make a survival check to see whether you can hold a due North course on the flat planes does he turn away from the ripple yes it's easy.
Timothy Sackton: Well he's got a strong sense of direction and.
Timothy Sackton: guides you confidently.
Timothy Sackton: North.
Timothy Sackton: And as you move away from the River you, you know your your it seems like most of the.
Timothy Sackton: done Mari camps these at this time of year or along the river.
Timothy Sackton: You pass a as the sun is beginning to set you see in the distance of a tower a watchtower from some older era, maybe standing tall over the over the planes maybe 1010 ish miles off.
Timothy Sackton: 10 miles West out of your way.
Timothy Sackton: And in a rare display of.
Timothy Sackton: dead of.
Timothy Sackton: focus.
Timothy Sackton: Continue north.
Will.
Timothy Sackton: Make your camp for the evening on the featureless empty planes quiet in the quiet night.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the firelight I diligently make a copy of infinite gates of cancer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to spend some time that you've been playing with the always spinning top that just keeps spinning, as long as you're looking at it and I want to see how long I can keep it spinning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna i'm gonna prepare myself to kill my companions in my sleep all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Day sharpen up my quarter staff and get a nice point to it.
Timothy Sackton: The top.
Timothy Sackton: Literally as long as you're looking at it, it just keeps spinning, it will never stop and then you turn away for a second at it, you can hear it fall over.
Timothy Sackton: But as soon as you as soon as soon as you look back it just starts spinning again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was this anybody are only only while because he's attuned to it.
Timothy Sackton: Now anybody.
Timothy Sackton: Who I feel like.
Timothy Sackton: You can mess with while be like he looks away and it's not spinning and then somebody else looks at it and spinning again.
Timothy Sackton: As long as it's being observed, it is spinning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By What, though, can baxter look at it and they'll spin.
Mike Sackton: On that we could tell if it would fall over.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No, it does not spin baxter's looking at that, when all you have your backs turned in and you like pointing it to it, it on the ground and like get back to the look it does not spin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would be very valuable for some some white life science experiments, you know with somebody that's like brain dead if they're looking at it with a that you have to have a consciousness is it sentience is it you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You could actually dig in pretty deep there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With this name yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very, very valuable tool.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I guess.
Timothy Sackton: So you set your camp for the evening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've heard it's a dream TIM.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm I am going to since I only need to sleep to go in a transfer a small part of the night i'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: Do my ritual to so I can see magic i'm going to watch ken's that while he sleeps.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So you all go off keeping your you go off to sleep keeping your usual watch.
Timothy Sackton: So you drift off to sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I go towards the hammers.
Timothy Sackton: Yet, so when you try and approach the sound kind of fades and it's like a it's almost as if you're moving on the surface of the ground and the hammers are some ECHO deep below you.
Timothy Sackton: And it feels very much like an ECHO like you're not hearing the same forges or anything from a walk from last night you're just hearing.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of ECHO in your mind, and you can actually make wisdom check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, you may want to roll it for me as they're taking a second to open up my character.
Timothy Sackton: here just roll, just like type when are you.
Timothy Sackton: Just roll at the 20 enroll 20.
Timothy Sackton: And that three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Apps you know I got it.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's wisdom save.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's the same plus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one another but it's a different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's why I was in shock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The exact exactly exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, you can see it, it says wisdom check plus 323 and then wisdom save That was the default one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah everyone agrees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all agree that the 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can discard.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the 20 yeah that was that was a second additional role so.
we're all on the same day.
Timothy Sackton: It takes you a while.
Timothy Sackton: To kind of isolate the sound of the noise.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems to be coming from somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: underground like beneath your feet, basically, and every time you move i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like you can't you can't move closer to it because because you're you seem to be moving on the surface of the earth, and it is, it is echoing from below, you.
Timothy Sackton: But it sounds like like what you're hearing is sort of the the echoes of something that's even further away, and it almost sounds like it's getting further from you.
Timothy Sackton: can enter your dream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I project my consciousness into the ground like just like.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: This is the journey yeah that's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's what you can do um.
Timothy Sackton: So you you sort of tried to follow it in your dream.
Timothy Sackton: And you find yourself.
Timothy Sackton: drifting through this.
Timothy Sackton: strange.
Timothy Sackton: sort of empty space.
Timothy Sackton: it's like you're in a big cave but it's dark and you can't see anything but you can feel the sense of space around you like you're in some large area underground.
Timothy Sackton: And you can still hear that the hammers.
Timothy Sackton: And, and then you can hear you can actually hear what sound like.
Timothy Sackton: What it's in dervish I assume you don't speak to work.
Timothy Sackton: But just by the cadence that sounds like prayers that seem to be drifting almost like.
Timothy Sackton: Like smoke or or miss kind of through this space and towards the echoes.
um.
Timothy Sackton: But you can't seem to get closer and every time you try and move your consciousness three this big empty space.
Timothy Sackton: It feels like you just stay in the Center of it like this isn't your space you don't have can't.
Timothy Sackton: You can't you can't control your movement through here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very interesting.
Timothy Sackton: and eventually.
Timothy Sackton: The dream fades and you wake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, I think it, it also technically does make sense that I would have advantage because I literally did prep myself to do this, yes.
Timothy Sackton: that's a totally fair point yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I share I share what happens to the companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret I don't speak dervish but I, I wonder if this is like an echo of Romans protection.
Mike Sackton: Was there any sign of magic I assume not know.
Timothy Sackton: You just start kenza go very stale.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: It certainly sounds like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this is also not great, I mean I think i'm still infected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I think the distance, I think I have some kind of protection still from the dwarf and gods I don't know which gods whatever has been called upon but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm probably not going to you know kill you all in your sleep for the next month, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So annoying anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's as though there's a.
Eric Rosenbaum: conflict within you.
Eric Rosenbaum: remnants of the infection.
Eric Rosenbaum: pushing and pulling against the lingering protection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's a condition long like entropy I hear it it's called.
Up good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: team to manage it and it's symptoms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is messed up guys I tell you that I do have kind of long code symptoms after getting recovering think of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's terrible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tell you guys later, but it's a little eerie how similar my character in my real life is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Little know you have any murderous.
Urges.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The night is young.
Timothy Sackton: So continue north.
Timothy Sackton: i'll be making another survival check.
Timothy Sackton: You continue for.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the day.
Timothy Sackton: Until you see until, as you know, evening is beginning to fall, you see.
Timothy Sackton: The smoke of fires, maybe five miles to East.
Timothy Sackton: You know the sun is beginning to stop right.
Timothy Sackton: seem like you got maybe slightly you went maybe a little more North Northwest then.
Timothy Sackton: Then you were intending but.
Timothy Sackton: You can still see the see what you presume is is soccer camp, you know, on the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: You just need to decide if you want to.
Timothy Sackton: get there after nightfall or get there in the morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do the morning I think if she's wary approaching at nights probably not going to be the best, most welcoming thing.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're not on the timeline right now.
Timothy Sackton: But I need to see what happens on this day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let some secret, can you create a calendar for me like a you know we're like like the blood gets like blood thirstier as it gets closer to the moon, and then kind of weighing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The snow we happen to have an artifact specifically designed for this purpose.
Eric Rosenbaum: By and for werewolves it's a little mechanical moon phase.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah we're using that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We go ahead and put your name next to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah you can just take that out of chicken during the day look up the sky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wish I could be an animated gif that says the werewolf and then a line cross through it and then it says the werewolf and then a line crosses through that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I made a detailed drawing of the hall of stories also now that I think about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I remember what other stories were in the hall stories that we taught because there's a bunch of stuff that happened there.
Mike Sackton: yeah there was a there was a long thing in the session notes that I read.
Mike Sackton: Like five while ago, so I don't remember it that well but.
Mike Sackton: It might be worth refreshing your memory.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that would be useful, now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Page 33.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have a lot of fucking treasure guys.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So the mirrors are charged it just happens to be back in the monastery just fyi.
Timothy Sackton: um so you wake up in the morning on eventful night no dreams from anybody.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see, like in the distance the movement of of people.
Timothy Sackton: That occasionally carrying on with the with the morning breeze that, like the claim the name of horses.
Timothy Sackton: The sounds of the CAP.
Timothy Sackton: beginning to come to life.
Timothy Sackton: You know, only an hour tues travel from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And as we make our approach just chatting a little on given what Karen told us and suspicious nature of this group any thoughts on a good way to approach your.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you're in the lead here 10 so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know you've got the connections and.
Mike Sackton: I would we'd with the fish ma that the fact that you are I missed I have fish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know I wonder isn't that something she may be running away from and not want reminders of if some terrible traumatic event happened that caused her to flee.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting point.
Mike Sackton: But you're a new miss dianna fish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am, but I wonder if we are bringing reminders of things that she has tried for 30 years to forget, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: worshiping this man exile.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is she denounced that and now is on some new.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'd have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually that's an interesting question TIM, is there a way to like sense bish must presence like as we get closer to a campus at like you know if, like she's not like instruction there's like you know we're all different nodes like is that there's there's similar thing with.
fishman.
Timothy Sackton: I know that that's a that's a particular aspect of the show Kuhn miss by the beach my miss di are much more.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's all about stories it's about the the tails they record and the tails they tell so there's not.
Timothy Sackton: there's not that sort of web of energy that one could sense.
Mike Sackton: There basically aren't any missed I left right.
Timothy Sackton: there's a handful that you've met right there's of Ross and and cava and they're all their apprentice and there's presumably a few more scattered around but there's not.
Timothy Sackton: there's not a lot left now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What a fun it's to lead with the story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cancer for you to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Come to her with the story to tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Becoming.
To have everything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Is it I got the impression that there was something special about.
Mike Sackton: That hall that they went down that some of us did it like.
Mike Sackton: Can you become a.
Mike Sackton: I mean isn't there is that.
Mike Sackton: Is that the only place to become a true missed it or is it.
Mike Sackton: Can other people do it other places right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that is, actually, that is a pretty good story that is where I died, one of the several times i've died, but that was the main that might be the primary time I died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah seeker did can seeker you came with me down the path.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, but then in the end you chose not to die.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's pretty intense.
It.
Mike Sackton: It seems like a reason to be seeking her out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah right I just I just wonder if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's all if it were the case that this was all something she wants to leave behind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well then, maybe there's not much we can do anyway, so if that's the case.
Mike Sackton: But, alternatively, you could wait with the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which may also be something that she really wants to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like literally want to find out what we're asking for, in the end is a story of hers from 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's not gonna she's gonna be scared off by that, then we have a problem.
Mike Sackton: But I think.
Mike Sackton: We have to if she if she is her reaction is, I want to forget.
Mike Sackton: I think we have to find a way to force our hand.
Mike Sackton: and make her realize that.
Mike Sackton: everything's at risk if she doesn't.
Remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you know, again I think in the tradition of beach mind and the tradition of storytelling we all have stories to share, and I think it is we do have a an interesting and unique group that is here, and we have genuinely travel long and far to see her to seek her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Sorry i'm sorry.
Mike Sackton: We all, I mean we all have.
Mike Sackton: Interesting stories to share, I think I just think shying away from what's at the heart of the matter is not.
Mike Sackton: yeah it's not going to if if if her reaction to hearing a story of Bishop was we've.
Mike Sackton: You know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is too risky maybe we should go there was that tower back there she goes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, the stuff that we could go back to the city, again, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Did you just say you like being out of the city well be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah but that's before I remember their stuff we haven't looked at, yet we.
Mike Sackton: We did forget about the giant tree that's like 100 stories tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or definitely go into the tree because I need to get a new staff and it's going to come from the word of that tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow and it's going to be, you know because I how long you know Meta game, you know i'm like it's like a seventh level monk, and I don't have a magic staff yet come on let's get.
Mike Sackton: You to have magic fast and your Defense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do have magic FIS I do imagine sense but.
Mike Sackton: You should at magic tree in the middle of this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do that.
Mike Sackton: um so I just think we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree, I agree, I agree.
Mike Sackton: It seems to me, I think the urgency right if we approach is curious travelers Why would she want to talk to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, I agree, I I just I just you know i'm just running it through out loud and I think it's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually think if she is contentious with us, or it doesn't want to go down that path, I think, each of you sharing your stories and why you're here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That may that may appeal to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the deeper foundational aspect of of be so let's go and see what happens.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it follows first we do what we do best improvise.
Eric Rosenbaum: love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought you're gonna say kill everybody there but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In fairness, kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That thought crossed my mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me and I do have deeper than me at my core now a blood blood thirsty unquenchable what thirsty rage stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: check your werewolf clock and oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'll check my world we really are turning and do it we're like so close to becoming like the party of evil that like destroys algar we have all the ingredients.
Timothy Sackton: it'd be this fashion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you've always had some of that rage.
Mike Sackton: yeah what is next game probably need a new set of villains right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many people have you beaten to death in the last two months kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With my bare fists.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't.
Mike Sackton: Stop and think about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: an order of magnitude answer it's definitely more than 10 is more than 100 probably not 1000.
Eric Rosenbaum: hundred sold out some carefully carved figurines depicting him romantic or family and then they're beautiful little baby manti course.
Eric Rosenbaum: gazing at them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's put it this way i've killed as many with my bare fans bare hands as you've pierced with your arrows so it's a similar number.
that's fair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We do I mean if all else fails, we do have another way of making people talk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And will be pets the form of preceptor bundled in his backpack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm not saying it's a good idea i'm saying, if all else fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: raise your hands, how you feeling with that sector what's your relationship you're saying earlier, that it's your friend, you still feel that way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think that our interests are aligned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know.
Mike Sackton: Then we agree, we should pass it around.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we agree that we should pass it around, but not to seeker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not to cancel and not.
Mike Sackton: That you're saying that to be.
Mike Sackton: Honest well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I remember us interesting into the rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ladder.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): boots the only one that can be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A member of that.
Timothy Sackton: ladder who obeys everyone has seekers commands without question.
Mike Sackton: Law, the plan.
shift.
Eric Rosenbaum: has its own bladder autonomy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah How do we make the ladder autonomous that's the question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know this is not a problem to solve.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In this moment but at some point we have to figure out where we're going to do with the sector is that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think it wants to be carried around and not used.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think the other Meta thing that's occurring is that unbeknownst to us right now there are at least one probably several too many forces seeking that sector and the US right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does seem possible yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I it say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is, it is the fact that is the case so.
Eric Rosenbaum: garage is getting the tour donations knows who else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least garage on the card discharge audience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are looking for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For different receptor right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: me now we're separate.
Mike Sackton: Do they know we have it is the only question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, nobody knows we have it other than us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we should well.
Mike Sackton: here's the thing here's the.
Mike Sackton: thing about the told everybody.
Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wasn't going to talk about the sector, but there were a series of follow up questions and it kind of came out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: follow up questions were.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When I was talking with the the storyteller yesterday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So all the happenings now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like throughout.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the happenings now that we carry the sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a specific happening song called well be carrier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the supreme power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got a new single are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Handling music.
Eric Rosenbaum: You added the clever interaction, where we drop this after power into the crack independent millennium.
Eric Rosenbaum: nearby destroying it right.
Timothy Sackton: That would be an awesome thing for you to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Look, I didn't tell him that we have a map to pandemonium so I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): have one for two.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do have man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We never could you tell them that it was receptor a power from ancient drank Korean War, or just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You happen to have a cool sector.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I don't think I went into that level of specifics, I think it was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it was clear that this is what God was trading, for I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's gonna get back to the open scroll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's still setting it to verse I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we'll see how it comes out in the end.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: The target audience now i'll get the habit i'm sure.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm not sure what things possible right they just haven't gotten.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know which of the right seats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It seems, it is now once the hear the song.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and honestly, you know it's going to get around if it hasn't already that we were the ones that kill the gotta so it would also seen that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that would be the ones that have it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which also means that we should be upon our revival back to toe keira.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: We gotta get the portable whole then we put the sector in the portable whole.
So.
Mike Sackton: We didn't give it to the evil hobgoblin.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we know the chain of custody of the sector and I don't think anybody knew.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Besides the genetic cultists and I got to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and now all that happens yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And tuned up you know the rest of the world, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We but up to this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even more.
Mike Sackton: You think I got to kept it.
secret.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the top is using it when we saw gotta like she was openly building it when we bought in battle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I mean she didn't she didn't move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): openly much that I mean I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't know who, who would have seen it.
Mike Sackton: It may just be that people, the word will get out that we.
Mike Sackton: killed archetype with her later that's certainly know.
Mike Sackton: And anybody from the open scroll who heard that would think actually go check those people out and see what they took from August as well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And all of this way to find.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The cloak maybe to announce that we have the sector.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because, then the person who has a clinical come looking to kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what we really need to do the place that we really need to keep the sector is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We put.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The we put the mirror with the mirror of jails in the hole put somebody with the sector, you know we create as many as many interdimensional.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what i'm saying.
Mike Sackton: it's not clear to us that it doesn't explode the whole if you use the Multi interdimensional portals at the same time, cause riffs and space time though.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm getting some advice unexpectedly actually and I hold up my my finger with a ring on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It turns out, the a wild could be a good place to wait a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: That looks good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think there's something there.
I.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder if putting the Center in a place where lots of magical beings and habit, we put everyone at danger in danger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you suggesting we bring the portable hole with the mirror inside trapping another entity holding the sector and bring all of that into the Veil.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, no, I didn't say that and that could easily cause the catastrophic collapse of the whole system.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's at least three interdimensional portals.
Eric Rosenbaum: nested I think it's if it's an odd number it cancels out so that should be stable yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right let's do that that's just it.
Mike Sackton: let's um.
Mike Sackton: let's see what Sir what suck.
Mike Sackton: sockets yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
You right up.
Timothy Sackton: So as as you approach, you can see, this is, I mean this is a larger camp, then.
Timothy Sackton: Then karen's.
Timothy Sackton: I realized I did use carrion but Karen before I was curious in.
Timothy Sackton: Is the innkeeper and Karen is the.
Timothy Sackton: name I just made up I knew that was from.
Mike Sackton: Some people in medieval England were named john you're allowed to.
Timothy Sackton: exactly right um.
Timothy Sackton: it's largely larger it's um.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 15 or 20 tense kind of set up in a large circle around a sort of open space in the middle and and a herd of maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 60 horses at least kind of grazing scattered now in the morning, you know, this time of morning as you're beating in to approach this a fair bit of activity is as people are taking small groups, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Bringing small groups of horses out to.
Timothy Sackton: scatter across the landscape to eat what grass, they can.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's so the lot of the sort of young younger generation is out on chores and things like that some finishing their chores.
Timothy Sackton: So there's a fair bit of bustle to this camp, as you approach but.
Timothy Sackton: As as you do, begin to approach like slowly there's this.
Timothy Sackton: sort of wave front of kind of quiet as it as as everybody, you know the you know dozen or so closest people.
Timothy Sackton: start to realize that you're you know there's these strangers approaching.
Timothy Sackton: And and everybody kind of goes quiet and you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Now as obviously word word passes, as you as you stop on the edge edge of Camp i'm.
Timothy Sackton: stepping out of one of the larger central tents.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: elderly woman.
Timothy Sackton: Not super old, but you know clearly wrinkled Gray hair sort of done up in a bun.
Timothy Sackton: walking confidently wearing sort of traveling clothes.
Timothy Sackton: With a with a cloak thrown over them.
Timothy Sackton: And, and she sort of looks around at at at the camp around as she.
Timothy Sackton: As she walks towards you.
Timothy Sackton: And she as she approaches, you know she kind of looks at you all up on your mountain.
Timothy Sackton: Strange travelers on the plains.
Timothy Sackton: What can I do for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, I give her the sign of a beach, and I also sell side her.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your reaction when I give her the sign of visual.
Timothy Sackton: um she kind of glances back into the camp for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise you know it doesn't really acknowledge it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he doesn't return it.
No.
Mike Sackton: I mean we don't know this soccer right she hasn't nobody said any names.
Timothy Sackton: I know what cycle looks like, no, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm greetings indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My name is kenzo from toe keira, and these are these are my companions we we seek.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And with love the chance to speak with with soccer.
Timothy Sackton: glances back at the 10th again.
Timothy Sackton: For what purpose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we still writing right now.
Timothy Sackton: Everything on our mount Sinai your on your mouth and say soon unless you just mount.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I just know.
Mike Sackton: yeah we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get down to high level and not be you know all you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We traveled a great distance to come and hopefully spend some time with with soccer and I again kenzo i'm also a mist i've beach ma and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We come with stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to share that I believe she may find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: find interesting and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are hoping to hear some stories of from being from from soccer as well.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of looks a bit skeptically at the group.
Timothy Sackton: classes over it dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Canada, and please my companions can introduce themselves as well, so when it says everybody gives dealt with the.
Mike Sackton: Delegates step forward, I.
Eric Rosenbaum: kick in the shins.
Mike Sackton: Down with the Elf.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: fell to the ground there Carson six months ago and.
Mike Sackton: feel my faith is tied to that of this land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: means over great intro yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh God.
Timothy Sackton: You are the Alpha we've heard some stories.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And will be the hassling of Kerala you may have heard some stories.
Timothy Sackton: Many half links in Kerala but yes, while be your name has been mentioned, and you must be sicker than.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed, I am I am seeker of high keep and worker of magic and ruins and stone for the fire of the temple of Chicago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lot better than mine too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great insurance guy.
Timothy Sackton: She.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got to work on your.
Timothy Sackton: She looks you actually like gives you all kind of a bit of a stern laughs.
Timothy Sackton: I will see if she will speak with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deep gratitude here.
Timothy Sackton: To go to.
Timothy Sackton: Wait here.
Mike Sackton: He turns my voice.
turns.
Timothy Sackton: She turns back.
Timothy Sackton: To she walks back into one of the sort of bigger central tense has gone about.
Timothy Sackton: 10 minutes and everybody in the camp is just kind of nervously milling around not sure if they should.
Timothy Sackton: Talk to you or not everybody's kind of staring but nobody's saying anything nobody's doing their chores or anything like that everybody's there's just about 50 people now just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: standing and you watching us standing here.
Mike Sackton: Are there any kids.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'll toss a few treats the one of the kids.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: Gal was not mix or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: looks looks over at at.
At.
Timothy Sackton: At one of the like goes to pick it up and then glances at at one of the nearby adults who kind of.
Timothy Sackton: gives like a really subtle like wait like slight shake of the head slate like you know we don't know what's going on here yet.
Timothy Sackton: kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Growing you're not mix around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your nuts.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the woman comes back.
Timothy Sackton: walking walking slowly.
Timothy Sackton: My art has been expecting you.
Timothy Sackton: She will speak.
Timothy Sackton: Do you not know if she will tell you what you want to hear.
Timothy Sackton: Please come.
Timothy Sackton: And she leads you into this.
Timothy Sackton: Central tent.
Timothy Sackton: Which is.
Timothy Sackton: Which is hot.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: takes a few minutes.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not I had a like a camp fire mix it doesn't seem to be working so I was just trying to.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, I have music i'll just use music um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: So you enter the tent and you can see, like there's an old woman sitting.
Timothy Sackton: On a like a chair covered in like furs and.
Timothy Sackton: leather, she must be at least 8590 she's like wrinkled she's got a cloak on does a smoldering fire in the Center of the despite the heat and the entire interior is smoky and.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you can smell the you can smell the wood smoke from the fire mixed with.
Timothy Sackton: You know that the smell of of of a little bit of smoked meat and.
Timothy Sackton: and leather and sweat and the woman who greeted you kind of walks over and and taps or gently on the shoulder and whisper something to her.
Timothy Sackton: And she sort of slowly looks up at you and opens our eyes, which are clear blue and seem and touched by age, despite the.
Timothy Sackton: wrinkles in her face and the slowness of her movements seems like she has sort of arthritic as she kind of begins to step forward she's rubbing her hands together a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: picks up like a walking cane next to her and doesn't doesn't get up at like taps the ground in front of the fire and says set.
Timothy Sackton: Come.
Eric Rosenbaum: With it yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah salsa hurt and also.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Give me a second here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And by the way we heard about soccer from Papa and service or service.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: And then again from the from the ghost in the yeah.
Timothy Sackton: In the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right and who is the ghost again.
Timothy Sackton: He was the.
Timothy Sackton: He was the last.
Timothy Sackton: master of the monastery who.
Timothy Sackton: fought off.
Timothy Sackton: been dead horse after the fall of the.
Timothy Sackton: Right after the failure.
Mike Sackton: Car mana a ghost town to the tower and hall of stories.
Mike Sackton: you've been.
Mike Sackton: tim's people and places.
Mike Sackton: You know about the midst of the mist I have vision.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on perfect.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of slow the glasses over all of you sort of staring deeply at each one of you, in turn, not saying anything for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And then she looks and she says.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me why you are here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pauses for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your companions said that you were expecting us so i'm guessing you may already know who we are, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To introduce ourselves again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On kenzo from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well it's not too important where i'm from but, most recently from to grow, but also on this diet be schema and missed I have chicken and also in the style Blocker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And these are my companions so.
Mike Sackton: dealt dealt with.
Mike Sackton: em from.
Mike Sackton: Many years ago.
Mike Sackton: i've traveled to this time through a great shadow.
Mike Sackton: fell to the ground near Carson.
Mike Sackton: was found.
Mike Sackton: By the Miss diabetes.
Mike Sackton: And I feel.
Mike Sackton: There is a destiny to this land that.
Mike Sackton: I think ties me to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be the green see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A mapmaker the searcher after hidden things.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I am seeker of high keep.
Eric Rosenbaum: The power of runes.
Eric Rosenbaum: For good I hope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said questionable but.
Timothy Sackton: That is.
Timothy Sackton: Who, you are.
Timothy Sackton: Why are you here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So our journey here um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's many, many weeks in the making it's been months right since we've been two months.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like two months, a month and a half, two months since you are in Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's it's about it's several several weeks, almost two months in the making now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anybody else in the room, other than us and soccer.
Timothy Sackton: know her nice kind of spoke to her and then left.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you if you don't mind i'll answer your question of why we're here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With a larger story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my companions and I, as you may be aware.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have been in donmar for several months now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we've been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing our best to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Help the done Mari.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As they've been facing numerous challenges.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our journey brought us far to the east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a part of our challenges we've.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: returned, the heart of Chicago and back to Kerala we have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fought and defeated a goddess mother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also, as part of our journey we traveled far to the East to Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and also to the monastery at beach ma where we understand that you also spend time many, many years ago, or 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we traveled the cars, when we traveled to the monastery was that was her name to the monster TIM was just the mother, just to.
Timothy Sackton: The beach, I mean all all of the Miss die Orders have like a main monastery that is there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
base.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we came to the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I experienced a profound spiritual awakening I journeyed into the halls of the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On TIM to the hall have a name, where I were the initiation happen.
Timothy Sackton: Not that I mean it, it might but not that one that you know of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And sorry TIM when we went secret I walked into the hall like what was the voice that pulled us like whether delivered I was it actually be small or was it because there's a volley was also there what what was the.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know it was part of I mean because remember you as you are walking down this quarter is like the story of beaches life was.
Timothy Sackton: Right playing out and scenes around you and it.
Timothy Sackton: Was narrated but, but you never really understood exactly how we're by WHO what certainly wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: Right it wasn't beach.
Timothy Sackton: It was some sort of magic of the place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't so you actually died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, but the choice of whether to live or die like I just knew that I had that choice.
As opposed to there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the monastery I experienced one of the most profound moments of my life I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And my companions but I ventured down the corridor and knew I had it and, as I saw the story of beach fold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I knew I had a choice of whether to live or die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what death meant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And as i'm sure you know, I chose death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I emerged from that experience with a connection with be schmo and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my companions and I we journeyed into the hall of stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We encountered many of I think your old companions was the name of the head of the monastery in.
Mike Sackton: My Karma.
harmonic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We heard Carmona speak of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that you had survived whatever had occurred 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I share with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we share with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: openly and open heartedly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looking for answers trying to understand what happened in the past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the belief that what happened 30 years ago is somehow connected to events that are unfolding now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: element of the story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was born and chart in and, as a young boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I never knew my parents, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They gifted me this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo she has the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've worn this as long as I can remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i've also had strange dreams, since I can remember, as a young boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: That.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is no ordinary stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That, in fact, this stone has a deep connection and a relationship to one of the great heroes of the Great War sorcerer right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And from our journeys in our travels from the hall of stories and from others, we believe that somehow whatever happens 30 years ago, whatever you were able to escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is connected to what's unfolding in the land connected to my stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Connected to deal with disappearance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are no accidents in our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: party coming together and we've traveled very far to come and find you to see if you can help shed some light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On all of these mysteries.
Timothy Sackton: She sort of taps or her wooden cane on the ground, a little bit and leans forward.
Timothy Sackton: Why would you know this story, what would you do if you were told.
Timothy Sackton: What purpose do you have to come seek this information.
Mike Sackton: there's a shadow growing again in the East.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A new temple being built.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In Carson to a dark God.
Mike Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: may be that the story, you have to tell has nothing to do with the new shadow growing and the play glenn's but.
Timothy Sackton: And you think you are the ones to stop whatever this is, and so you come to me for information for how to fight this evil to the east.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Such as yourself, you have other ideas.
Timothy Sackton: She looks around that you all, and she like leans forward and like taps kenzo on the chest with with the staff.
Timothy Sackton: You call yourself a nice daya beach.
Timothy Sackton: There are many gods linger around you even the bar is out, for some reason.
Timothy Sackton: seemed to have a lingering ECHO on your soul.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that again.
Timothy Sackton: That god's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And yeah.
Timothy Sackton: How many stories have you written down for the hall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And as of yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I may be primarily an artist in of magic and stone and glass, but I am lately also a writer down of stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one i've made a copy of as a gift and offering to you, out of respect.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've called this story infinite gates of kenzo because it describes a moment of decision in which the paths that we took as adventures, and the paths, perhaps, of the whole world branched in a single moment, based on a decision, and as you read the story YouTube can make the decision.
Timothy Sackton: And she looks at that briefly she turns to you seeker she says, and you.
Timothy Sackton: great power runs through you, I can see it, and what have you done with that power.
Timothy Sackton: fought monsters.
Timothy Sackton: Fine.
Timothy Sackton: see yourself as heroes.
Timothy Sackton: My compatriots thought they were heroes as well.
Timothy Sackton: They had a grand quest to solve the problems of the world.
Timothy Sackton: And they ran off to their to their deaths.
Timothy Sackton: do not want to see you die.
Timothy Sackton: So why should I give you the information you would use.
Timothy Sackton: to charge off.
Timothy Sackton: To go fight evil that you cannot hope to beat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Mike Sackton: I do think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I speak humbly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The choices of our life and death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is ours to make much like in secret story, where the story is unfolding and the choices we make shape those stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, of course, you have a choice as well, whether or not to share, which you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can't force it from you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we can come here in earnest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with humility, with respect, and with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An open heart towards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we hope will be peace.
Mike Sackton: dealt with looks at her.
Mike Sackton: With a bit of it almost angered as is says.
Mike Sackton: I fought in the Great War many, many of my.
Mike Sackton: brothers and sisters died.
Mike Sackton: Do not act like I do not know what an evil, you cannot hope to beat is and do not pretend like that evil is somehow.
Mike Sackton: Less than whatever is out there now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I for one would say.
Mike Sackton: We do, and yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those wiser than those monks of the past.
Eric Rosenbaum: fell it fell of this evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we know that now.
Eric Rosenbaum: The country around us is that at at risk of being driven.
Eric Rosenbaum: But also, there are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Many strong and good forces.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we have befriended and still may befriend, we are not in this.
Eric Rosenbaum: alone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, to pipe in to add.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 1000 thousand evil gods and men and monsters have done this, since time began.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): These people rise and fall, like the tides.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But we won't be dissuaded from the test just because you've given up.
Timothy Sackton: She looks at you, and she says.
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure you're choosing the right.
task.
Timothy Sackton: for less than.
Timothy Sackton: A generation ago the stories of my people spread across the land.
Timothy Sackton: They were gathered they were.
Timothy Sackton: cherished.
Timothy Sackton: They were protected.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: My fellow masters.
Timothy Sackton: got it in their head that they could be heroes.
Timothy Sackton: Now look around you to see.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody.
Timothy Sackton: Gathering the stories of this generation now.
Timothy Sackton: What did we gain nothing, what did we lose well.
Timothy Sackton: Something very dear to our soul.
Timothy Sackton: You should know that as well be you.
Timothy Sackton: know little of the happenings but.
Timothy Sackton: Imagine if all the story keepers decided instead of telling stories, they should go fight in a war.
Timothy Sackton: And they all died.
Timothy Sackton: And there was nobody to tell the stories anymore, how would you feel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, indeed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But we don't stop going to see just because both sink.
Mike Sackton: And, with all due respect, I am not a story keeper.
Mike Sackton: is not my destiny to tell the stories of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nor yours apparently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What soccer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree with my companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the order of reshma has not gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our numbers are smaller, yes, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are still stories to be told, and as long as our orders revise there still is breath.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: remaining in our stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: live in their practice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our verse and Pablo do this and as long as breath remains within me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The stories of big MAC and still live on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I really have to say I haven't spent a lot of time with half links before but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You really should as a storyteller engage more with them, because they have quite a system as far as I understand, of how they propagate Their stories throughout space and time and we can learn from them as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The past is the past soccer but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 10s kind of glances.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The possibility of a brighter future remains as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: We visited your hall of stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we could share with you a taste of what we learned there as we navigate our way through it.
Timothy Sackton: i've been there, it is a dark place now.
Timothy Sackton: Another loss to us.
Mike Sackton: it's not all dark.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: There were stories still there.
Timothy Sackton: There are stories there, yes and and.
Timothy Sackton: Sad lingering presence of a corrupted mind sick with worry and fear.
Timothy Sackton: twists all who enter their to her loneliness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): soccer what have you done for the last 30 years.
Timothy Sackton: I have trained many apprentices.
Timothy Sackton: too old now to teach.
Timothy Sackton: soccer have to order going as best I could.
Timothy Sackton: But there are too few.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: And how is it that.
Timothy Sackton: And who are you to question would I have done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you had done more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your task.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did you fail any less in the last 30 years than the ones who disappeared three decades ago, have you accomplished more is your order more secure than it was then.
Timothy Sackton: If they had listened to me it would be yes.
Timothy Sackton: that's a no understanding this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kind of just to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soccer the order survives.
Timothy Sackton: The order lives on thanks to my our hurts, yes, but there are not enough of us.
Timothy Sackton: Too few.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there can be more there shall be more.
Timothy Sackton: One hopes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the.
Timothy Sackton: tactical of great heroes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're in luck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we don't consider ourselves great heroes, at least I don't consider myself to be a great hero.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): kind of consider them to be there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we are, in many ways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just trying our best in a difficult world and we've come a very long way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeking an a very important story from you and, if not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: selfishly, if nothing else about the East and what happens in the future, even if your stories can can shed light on my own past without would be grateful.
Mike Sackton: socket.
Mike Sackton: You made up leave and great here is, but that does not mean they don't exist.
Mike Sackton: I may not be a great hero, I certainly not claim to.
Mike Sackton: have just a lost Elf stumbling through the world but.
Mike Sackton: I lived at a time.
Mike Sackton: When great heroes were real.
Mike Sackton: The land would have been covered from end to end in darkness and if it were not for a great heroes.
Mike Sackton: So if you're asking me to not believe in heroes.
Mike Sackton: afraid that's not possible.
Mike Sackton: And if you don't believe.
Mike Sackton: You need to listen to more stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the most optimistic thing you've ever said that with.
Mike Sackton: We might be doomed to failure, but the next one, the next set of heroes will come somebody will succeed.
Mike Sackton: But if nobody ever tries, of course, no one will succeed.
Mike Sackton: You can't hide from whatever is growing in the East.
Mike Sackton: When the land is overrun by darkness and disease and plague, and whatever comes where will your business stories of bish moby.
Mike Sackton: will be nobody left to tell them to.
Timothy Sackton: Evil cannot be eradicated from this world.
Mike Sackton: But if nobody ever fights it it winds.
Timothy Sackton: are many ways to fight.
Mike Sackton: And so, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Charging into danger with no hope of success.
Mike Sackton: wasn't sure tell us the story for why there is no hope of success, you stand here saying you do not want us to die, but you will not tell us why.
Timothy Sackton: You speak of great heroes.
Timothy Sackton: The wizard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only from stories.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): songs to the great war.
Mike Sackton: I never met him, but I met those who did.
Mike Sackton: Worse, he orchestrated.
Eric Rosenbaum: And glimpses from the whole stores.
Timothy Sackton: And what do you know of.
Timothy Sackton: The creature culture much.
Mike Sackton: More than I care to.
Mike Sackton: recall now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only stories, but again dealt with this more direct experience.
Timothy Sackton: Stories say.
Timothy Sackton: He was a.
Timothy Sackton: dragon word that means many things to many people.
Timothy Sackton: not think that is really.
Timothy Sackton: not think even the image is that word condors really capture the essence of that creature, as explained to us.
Timothy Sackton: Some elder beast and elder worm of an ancient are one of them.
Timothy Sackton: primordial beings power from.
Timothy Sackton: Before even.
Timothy Sackton: Time began, one of the first children of rotten samba before they bird the gods and humans.
Timothy Sackton: Not just exist.
Timothy Sackton: As i've been told.
Timothy Sackton: Here on tiger.
Timothy Sackton: But in many places at once.
Timothy Sackton: The shadow realms.
Timothy Sackton: The places of chaos in this world.
Timothy Sackton: or sorry not in this world.
Timothy Sackton: The best pandemonium limbo even our borja the endless war of Ark.
Timothy Sackton: When he died his death reverberated in all these places, as well as here in something of these realms was pulled into our world and places where he had power.
Timothy Sackton: We found these.
Timothy Sackton: seeds of chaos, one might call them while searching across the vast planes for the unmarried dead.
Timothy Sackton: we're the only ones out there in this cursed land and.
Timothy Sackton: We saw these.
Timothy Sackton: evils ourselves swirling sandstorms in the desert that.
Timothy Sackton: came with howling winds that hot your dreams that stripped your mind as much as your skin.
Timothy Sackton: canyons of shifting walls.
Timothy Sackton: twisted thorns living breathing things of insatiable hunger.
Timothy Sackton: We thought there was little we could do, but avoid them and keep people safe.
Timothy Sackton: containing evil.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps the best we could hope for.
Timothy Sackton: And I still believe.
Timothy Sackton: That is possible, and that is what we should fight for.
Timothy Sackton: But many disagree and for some.
Timothy Sackton: Some of us ranged far and wide some as even far as far as the last city of drink or many weeks to the south searching for the.
Timothy Sackton: graveyards have done Mari dead who protected.
Timothy Sackton: protected our people from the evils that emerged from that place.
Timothy Sackton: We have always been a.
Timothy Sackton: We have always been watchful we have always been a.
Timothy Sackton: People on guard.
Timothy Sackton: But every time we have tried to push forward, we have tried to wipe evil off the face of the earth, it has.
Timothy Sackton: been a failure.
Timothy Sackton: Our first the first dynasty ended when DASA lead an army into drink or and was swallowed up.
Timothy Sackton: And the gods for God us.
Timothy Sackton: says happened.
Timothy Sackton: Many times in our history.
Timothy Sackton: We watch we guard.
Timothy Sackton: We keep civilization beyond our borders, safe and yet.
Timothy Sackton: There are some evils that.
Timothy Sackton: Some stains on the earth.
Timothy Sackton: that have to be contained and not cured.
Timothy Sackton: That is my belief.
Timothy Sackton: But those monks who.
Timothy Sackton: have my order who reached drank or they.
Timothy Sackton: came back, they said they found something they had an answer.
Timothy Sackton: I had found.
Timothy Sackton: A hero.
Timothy Sackton: image rye, or at least a link to him through some magic some statue of of jade that spoken their minds.
Timothy Sackton: This is where we learned this story of shimada and his death from the Lord that he shared as my companions.
Timothy Sackton: This is where we learned the seeds of chaos and the.
Timothy Sackton: essence of these disturbed places they drew here to tell her.
Timothy Sackton: And so there was a great debate should we try.
Timothy Sackton: To close, these portals to remove these seeds of chaos.
Timothy Sackton: Could we.
Timothy Sackton: write did promise to help if we went forward.
Timothy Sackton: I did not speak in favor of this course of action.
Timothy Sackton: seemed risky to me it seemed.
Timothy Sackton: uncertain.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody knew how to do this thing just that perhaps we could.
Timothy Sackton: And the heroism of being the ones to restore dunmore of living as legends in our future.
Timothy Sackton: was too tempting for my compatriots.
Timothy Sackton: They hatched a plan to.
Timothy Sackton: Like their souls together and use the energy of the plane of souls to somehow close these portals.
Timothy Sackton: They forgot that donmar is its people, not its land and there was.
Timothy Sackton: No glory and restoring our last lands.
Timothy Sackton: If it meant forgetting stories of our people.
Timothy Sackton: protect the living.
Timothy Sackton: Not.
Timothy Sackton: The dead wastes.
Timothy Sackton: build walls, we watch we guard, we do not charge forward into danger.
Timothy Sackton: And, as you know, of course, the mission failed.
Timothy Sackton: do not know why it failed I wasn't there, but I know the mission found and what's worse.
Timothy Sackton: I know it cost.
Timothy Sackton: wizard ride dearly.
Timothy Sackton: And some.
Timothy Sackton: Protection he had cast over the land was broken.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: watchfulness he had extended beyond our borders.
Timothy Sackton: Some way of.
Timothy Sackton: Keeping this evil contained was shattered by this attempt.
Timothy Sackton: And this, I believe, is the evil you speak about it as a consequence of this attempt.
Timothy Sackton: was not caused by these evil things.
Timothy Sackton: It was caused by the loss we suffered.
Timothy Sackton: So you see what I speak as I do, I say it as a fool's errand to try and heal all evil in this world.
Timothy Sackton: will always be corners, where evil dwells where it grows where it thrives that's not our mission to eliminate that evil.
Timothy Sackton: it's our mission to confront it where it makes our presence known and keep our people safe.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say to you do, what good you can in this imperfect world don't chase impossible dreams that will get you killed.
Timothy Sackton: And I will say this as well.
Timothy Sackton: It is sad.
Timothy Sackton: And the legends and myths of our history that one shot and sample were young for the morning followed night before the monsoon rains for the heat of summer.
Timothy Sackton: The planes were one.
Timothy Sackton: There was no.
Timothy Sackton: shadow foul or abyss there was just the world.
Timothy Sackton: And the children of shard and samba walk the earth changing its form with their thoughts.
Timothy Sackton: weary of this unending chaos and then a breath as long as an Eon split the world separating it out.
Timothy Sackton: Giving form and solidity to this place, we now call tower or.
Timothy Sackton: Some perhaps only a certain shoppach thought back and kill the the lead now perhaps only they can separate out the essence of these other places, and put it back.
Timothy Sackton: For I believe that.
Timothy Sackton: I believe that the mages and Miss die and.
Timothy Sackton: The greatest minds of my order thought.
Timothy Sackton: They simply have to close a doorway.
Timothy Sackton: and closing a doorway is much easier than separating and parodies that run through the heart of this world.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps on these shroud and samba can do that perhaps only they can heal the lead now.
Timothy Sackton: But they do not answer prayers.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say, if the land is ever to be healed that will be by a divine act.
Timothy Sackton: And as the gods have not seen to fit seen fit to grant that prayer yet, perhaps even they cannot do such a thing.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps evil is always going to be part of this world.
Timothy Sackton: Do not say, do not fight.
Timothy Sackton: But do not.
Timothy Sackton: Fight carelessly.
Timothy Sackton: Do not.
Timothy Sackton: Do not solve everything.
Timothy Sackton: solve the problems that you those you care about.
Timothy Sackton: I can see seeker some loss in your past solve that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I can see that, with some.
Timothy Sackton: Something that dwells in your soul some something intertwined with shadow, but not of shadow itself do not.
Timothy Sackton: cannot tell quite what it is.
Timothy Sackton: But it's feels lost.
Timothy Sackton: kenza there is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is a giant that lurks in your soul.
Timothy Sackton: has paid pain.
Timothy Sackton: lingers in in you.
Timothy Sackton: heal him.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe someday that god's will see fit to reveal.
Timothy Sackton: What is needed.
Timothy Sackton: They have not revealed it to me yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You share great wisdom in your in your words sucka right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hear I hear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually believe, very much in your philosophy actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we should work to heal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and deal with the challenges that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: face our communities face our families face our loved ones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder, though, and i'm disheartening to hear about the hubris of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the mist I that did venture forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I wonder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even now, as we, as we sit here as double shared.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are forces that grow in the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A strange being garage leader of the New York army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Building.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Massive forces not far from the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any more about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What wasn't least 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know any more about what they were trying to close the seeds of chaos as you call them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These forces are a threat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To places and spaces that we've been traveled to not long ago now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If crushes able to succeed and growing his power and raising an army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't see how or why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The eastern parts of Denmark will be able to stop it.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: My companion Kansas speaks much truth, I there is much wisdom in your words but.
Mike Sackton: I think you've misunderstood our purpose.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: My one of my my grandfather.
Mike Sackton: told stories.
Mike Sackton: Of one of his dear mentors who told stories to him.
Mike Sackton: Of the day before the hob goblins first came to earth first came to town.
Mike Sackton: Who has been fighting against evil for countless millennia.
Mike Sackton: I do not believe.
Mike Sackton: It can be defeated, nor do I think that even even the elves do not have the hubris to think that you can cleanse evil from all places on earth.
Mike Sackton: But there is this being garage this creature, who has come to Carson a year ago, who is seeking something who came, we think, from the east, and so we came seeking information what what could have caused this not to try to.
Mike Sackton: REACH, the dizzying heights that your companions may have climbed towards thinking, they could solve all the problems of the world with a with a ritual.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Because we saw garage.
Mike Sackton: And he scared to be.
Mike Sackton: And I want to know more.
Mike Sackton: And I fear.
Mike Sackton: wants to know what we can do to stop him if anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: To be fair, we stayed at least a mile away from crush because.
Eric Rosenbaum: The danger and.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's true there may be a dragons or demons or who knows what rod in the land and our only hope is to contain those, as you say, but there are other.
Eric Rosenbaum: beings of ill intent among.
Eric Rosenbaum: Men.
Eric Rosenbaum: And those we might more easily deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are factions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Coming East from charleston.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whose motivations we don't fully understand perhaps they would be a better target for us.
Timothy Sackton: As I say.
Timothy Sackton: I do not tell you not to fight Eve.
Timothy Sackton: I only tell you.
Timothy Sackton: To not think evil will end because of your actions.
Timothy Sackton: And I do not know if this brush.
Timothy Sackton: spend some time since i've been in that part of the land.
Timothy Sackton: But when I was a young apprentice.
Timothy Sackton: Carson was much safer than it is now.
Timothy Sackton: Even though Dunbar had been lost.
Timothy Sackton: Despite the red death and everything.
Timothy Sackton: We still travel there, not so much the city itself but to our monastery.
Timothy Sackton: And well we didn't.
Timothy Sackton: Well, few live their whole lives there.
Timothy Sackton: was a place when could go.
Timothy Sackton: coons protections were weaker than and yet still evil rarely crossed.
Timothy Sackton: And I believe.
Timothy Sackton: I believe that Ryan had done something.
Timothy Sackton: And that.
Timothy Sackton: When he came against the combined power of all the planes of chaos themselves in pure unchecked form.
Timothy Sackton: That protection was broken.
Mike Sackton: That right guys super super arrogant.
Timothy Sackton: I spoke with him once.
Timothy Sackton: In my mind, I do not believe he was.
Mike Sackton: That was it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: just making a joke.
Timothy Sackton: truthfully I believe.
Timothy Sackton: Look at you all, and I see.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: I see your power coursing through you and seeker I see and you especially an echo of.
Timothy Sackton: Something like.
Timothy Sackton: The potential of rise some.
Timothy Sackton: Control over the plane of magic itself shaped through ruins, and yet.
Timothy Sackton: I believe that that power was.
Timothy Sackton: was simply the wrong kind of power to approach.
Timothy Sackton: This evil.
Timothy Sackton: There was some.
Timothy Sackton: divine will that is needed.
Timothy Sackton: Or was needed and.
Timothy Sackton: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: I believe, to miss die.
Timothy Sackton: my companions were.
Timothy Sackton: Convinced that.
Timothy Sackton: they're combined.
Timothy Sackton: divine will.
Timothy Sackton: Guided by right could solve this problem, somehow, and yet.
Timothy Sackton: It is easy for them to forget.
Timothy Sackton: Our God is not.
Timothy Sackton: All powerful.
Timothy Sackton: In the grand scheme of the universe beach was a small God.
Timothy Sackton: I can admit that.
Timothy Sackton: Our power is not in reshaping the land.
Timothy Sackton: Look at how hard you volley struggles every summer to undo the evil of shimano raising the mountains, to prevent to dry out our country.
Timothy Sackton: Do not believe our gods.
Timothy Sackton: The donmar a have never had a home.
Timothy Sackton: we've traveled not believe our gods live in the land.
Timothy Sackton: not believe they can control that.
Timothy Sackton: believe there are other gods that have.
Timothy Sackton: Some other powers, perhaps, but not our gods.
Timothy Sackton: The mist I were wrong.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm afraid that they broke rye.
Timothy Sackton: or broke his hold over.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever evil still lurks and drink or and.
Timothy Sackton: Nash car.
Timothy Sackton: plans that desolation of shema.
Timothy Sackton: That is what I believe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, and you speak great truth, I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I felt since.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This fellowship form that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was some force beyond garage beyond.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The divine force in a way that was at play.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: games beyond our comprehension on this mortal plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree, in a way that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Understanding more of how we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learn more of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The nature of the gods and what's evolving maybe a part of what's ahead.
Timothy Sackton: I will not say you are not destined for.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
Timothy Sackton: God certainly cling to you.
Timothy Sackton: ever seen so many gods clinging to one person than you kenzo and down with.
Timothy Sackton: You seem to have.
Timothy Sackton: single handedly resurrected a dead God.
Timothy Sackton: Again, a feat, I have not heard of before.
Timothy Sackton: So the divine certainly watches you.
Timothy Sackton: Does that mean you are destined for something I would not claim to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nora us.
Eric Rosenbaum: A question soccer.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a student of the dynamics of planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've wondered if their movements in relation to each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: or something like the changes in shape of the ocean in relation to the moon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or perhaps to some other set.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of celestial bodies.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the gods govern the tides of the planes.
Timothy Sackton: But I do not know such things, I am not a scholar of these.
Timothy Sackton: magic's I tell you only what I have heard from.
Timothy Sackton: Ryan, those of my fellows who spoke extensively with him and others.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Timothy Sackton: I know the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Power of the gods in our land it's not constant.
Timothy Sackton: And waxes and wanes with prayers and people and maybe these tides you speak of.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe the separation.
Timothy Sackton: Pulling apart of these realms.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: schrott and samba didn't long ago is left echoes.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe they themselves control the tides, I could speculate I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: This is not my area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soco when you say that you spoke to ride yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How did you do that.
Timothy Sackton: He spoke in my mind is if.
Timothy Sackton: At a great distance by some magic.
Timothy Sackton: He had a.
Timothy Sackton: companion.
Timothy Sackton: Some small flying creature.
Timothy Sackton: Old very old but still hardy inhale and and.
Timothy Sackton: He traveled with the Miss diane rye would speak through him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know where this creature is now.
Timothy Sackton: He went east.
Timothy Sackton: and never returned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To you know where he's.
Timothy Sackton: With the Miss die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to know where the mystery when.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What was their destination.
Timothy Sackton: Their.
Timothy Sackton: Their plan.
Timothy Sackton: Their plan was to go.
Timothy Sackton: West somewhere on the River hard.
Timothy Sackton: west of the hora the river that.
Timothy Sackton: The River Carta where Carson is on.
Timothy Sackton: And if you had East further from that river, you will come to the maha river Valley, the first river that done Mario encountered as they came West.
Timothy Sackton: And that is where they were heading.
Timothy Sackton: The maha the culture and the hora all join in the south.
Timothy Sackton: Before flowing past the ruin city of drink or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You said some of the mistakes went to that city.
They did.
Mike Sackton: It which city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): drink or.
Mike Sackton: yeah okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well what's their path to get there.
Timothy Sackton: traveled South along the river.
Timothy Sackton: it's a long journey, a month or more.
Timothy Sackton: And one presumes much more difficult to navigate now than it was 40 years ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To order have maps of that area.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps in the monastery.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The river flows 1000 miles or more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Were on it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are they going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the confluence to drink.
Timothy Sackton: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: I believe, to the confluence was their destination somewhat that's north of the city.
Timothy Sackton: Are you some also.
Mike Sackton: we're not looking at a mapping or 20 airway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm looking at.
Mike Sackton: My role.
Mike Sackton: play got.
Mike Sackton: accidentally closed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the conference, where the two rivers me.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So here that's what.
Mike Sackton: here.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So wait that sorry I missed them they went, south, east.
Mike Sackton: And misunderstood that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, they said they were going.
Timothy Sackton: There seems to be some confusion on this point between what the two things you've heard soccer and.
Timothy Sackton: Previous tales Perhaps nobody really agree is right.
Mike Sackton: But soccer thinks that they went south.
Timothy Sackton: soccer things they went.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: right down here that's what.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but maybe somewhere else along the mall like there's other significant sites that's where the done marley first like here is like where the Denmark you first.
Timothy Sackton: encountered done ma and there's like.
Timothy Sackton: This confluence as well as another important point so there's a lot of places along the mahara that could have been a destination soccer does not know for sure where they were right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you don't know what their plan was when they went.
Timothy Sackton: Their plan, I mean, as far as it goes, their plan was to.
Timothy Sackton: search out these.
Timothy Sackton: seeds of chaos and cast them back to where they came from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To do this, I.
Timothy Sackton: believe they thought that.
Timothy Sackton: Between rise power.
Timothy Sackton: to open a portal.
Timothy Sackton: And there.
Timothy Sackton: Something their divine well, they could to gather, many of them working as one act as a God and somehow untangle tog are from.
Timothy Sackton: This other realm and cast it through the portal that right opened back to where it belongs.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the seeds are physical things.
objects.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: They are places where the planes are close.
Timothy Sackton: There are many of these across toggle but most are.
Timothy Sackton: ancient and week.
Timothy Sackton: fact there's one I advise you avoids your toker or pandemonium plan and madness.
Timothy Sackton: comes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That.
Mike Sackton: We agree, you should avoid it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't solidly solidly good advice.
Timothy Sackton: But the distance between if you can even speak of distance between plans is much greater there than it is in these seeds of chaos and created by show much.
Timothy Sackton: As almost as if the two places are touching.
Timothy Sackton: And it takes a little effort to open a gateway between them.
Timothy Sackton: hands the plan open a portal.
Timothy Sackton: shove, what did belonged through it and then close the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Center she have some knowledge of these things.
Timothy Sackton: Why.
Timothy Sackton: A pass through occasionally, yes I spoken with them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could they be a hill.
Timothy Sackton: I do not like where this conversation is steering.
Timothy Sackton: You seem to be trying to figure out how to do what my order failed.
Timothy Sackton: And I would not have you involve.
Timothy Sackton: The centers as well and have this world become one where centers do not exist.
Eric Rosenbaum: put themselves at risk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder what happened to try.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To close, the portal after they opened it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if that's where he is now on the other side that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's not dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you recall, I spoke with him in a dream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if he is in that other plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps my last brother is trapped there as well.
Timothy Sackton: And you open a portal to another plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soccer looking at secret.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at all of you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To open one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Girls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like that so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's scroll open portals.
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of.
Mike Sackton: makes pandemonium come closer to.
Timothy Sackton: After so seeker actually use this would click in your mind after hearing soccer talk like the scroll is basically to make one of these seeds of care.
Timothy Sackton: It takes what it is what is a sort of vaguely dangerous place and turns it into.
Timothy Sackton: The state of chaos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's talk as arguments that we should not try to close these doors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, to not do it heroically.
Mike Sackton: Basically, and it's going to end.
Mike Sackton: badly, so do it it's just gonna be terrible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like rye failed, so why.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which isn't an unreasonable point I mean if right it felt like what the Fuck are we done there.
Mike Sackton: yeah I don't think we're trying to close the portal.
it's.
Timothy Sackton: they're not portals they're.
Mike Sackton: just part of.
Eric Rosenbaum: The, ultimately, we need a kind of diplomacy to manage the relationship with evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what is the information I think we should just go to drink or we should find out wherever Dimitar is and party.
Eric Rosenbaum: hard to put soccer in the mirror, in order to bring her with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What command soccer to go.
Timothy Sackton: Here I can totally become the villains.
Mike Sackton: Evil evil never gonna be defeated because it says we defeat evil, where we can become evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: know who the open scroll societies working for we don't know who crosses.
Eric Rosenbaum: working for.
Mike Sackton: they're all working from rye.
Eric Rosenbaum: rice just playing with us all.
Mike Sackton: My evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's Dimitar that's evil right.
Timothy Sackton: track to retire has.
Mike Sackton: taken over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): soccer could we beg your indulgence to take a few minutes to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Talk amongst yourselves.
Timothy Sackton: You are welcome to the hospitality of our camp.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gratitude.
Timothy Sackton: I know I have given you much to think of.
Eric Rosenbaum: need.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perhaps we can continue the conversation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In a bit.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not going anywhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soco we're incredibly grateful for, for what you shared and I know you did so with apprehension and we received that knowledge with your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your intentions and spirit behind it well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you again.
Timothy Sackton: takes a deep breath and kind of sits back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're really all looking to win that award the.
Eric Rosenbaum: soccer Award for catastrophic Lee failed heroism.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I think the psycho award is for for glory in giving up entirely.
Eric Rosenbaum: It just it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's perspective that comes from it's from experience this containment theory of hers.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it I don't know if it's right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's human foolishness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not the containment part but.
Then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): After failing to convince her peers, not to do this catastrophic thing 30 years ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She circled the wagons she knowing that her order was going to die, she trained apprentices expecting that they wouldn't be enough it's it's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Her failure defines her still.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we might orchestrate.
Eric Rosenbaum: The return of the mist I have been to their own monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in that way help them grow their power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cinema.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wreck i'm just curious like what is her powers like she could like look at us and see stuff like whoa you know through sell side going to get a sense of like some of our abilities and matter.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You know your.
Timothy Sackton: Answer she's she's not strong in.
Timothy Sackton: She is perceptive she can see much more than you could tell she can see much more than you can with her souls.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: But she is not.
Timothy Sackton: she's not like a fighter right she's not she doesn't have a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: She sees things that's what she does but she's very good yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've stopped some terrible threats with our own hands, but I wonder if now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to change our strategy and Marshall the greater force forces around us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All dicks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eating armies etc um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look I think what's become clear from this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: conversation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was not totally clear before, but I think it's clear now is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even this our time together so far these past few months has been connected to this seat of chaos here this potential.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Potential great evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Through pandemonium that we've managed to without understanding the full arc of what's happening forte.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But crush.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: almost certainly is connected to another one of these seeds of chaos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And who knows what the most obese ma were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up against 30 years ago, maybe What happened then is connected to garage maybe it's different but we've seen one there are more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it feels as though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our destiny may be connected to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The presence of the seeds and how to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get them the.
Eric Rosenbaum: locations of the seeds coincide with the presence of.
Eric Rosenbaum: incredibly powerful magical artifacts.
That.
Eric Rosenbaum: could be why the target audience are interested as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: obvious that the society, the open scroll is looking to close these see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I sock on a bit if she knows about the society.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think she does that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: That whole thing they have emerged since she became reclusive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Timing with my brother, similar to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seed event.
Timothy Sackton: Well, so just to be clear.
Timothy Sackton: What she was saying is like sure my dying created these things.
Timothy Sackton: So that was much before your brother.
Timothy Sackton: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: And then, it was.
Timothy Sackton: There was some there was some other.
Timothy Sackton: Like the midst I got Ryan involved in trying to like pick apart the fabric of town are.
Timothy Sackton: That failed, and yet somehow that failure also.
Timothy Sackton: disrupted some protective magic that riot been maintaining well that's at least her see me.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the timing of that is about right.
Timothy Sackton: That would have been 30 years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's like about when I was leaving home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So 250 years ago shama dies a bunch of seeds the chaos get so in throughout the land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Presumably the seeds of chaos are like in physical locations like around who knows how many there are who knows where they are maybe we can move around, maybe not I don't know Probably not.
seems like the kid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, one of them, presumably is near drank heart, which is where like the Bishop amongst went with rye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rye, since the great war as a jade statue has basically been on top of duty like mop up duty but let's clean up like the shortness that's like you know lingering from his death right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: collaborates with the monks would be schema because they think that they can do something about it rise like Let me try to help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And they try to do what they try to do something with one of these seeds of chaos which goes badly sort of like if we take the sector power and throw it into pandemonium probably going to leave that place right and so some version of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That happen with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the is the crew of fishman which also cause ride of explode and do it a bajillion pieces of which you know kenzo now has one around his neck so.
Mike Sackton: sounds about right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's that piece was found where again.
unclear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whether you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, in these right.
Timothy Sackton: wow like close to the border have done are.
Timothy Sackton: Like like a you know, maybe around like where pawn off of that sort of area.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh much closer to us than yeah yeah even Carson and i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it possible that there's one of these seeds in Carson or no.
possible.
Timothy Sackton: That you don't know I mean you have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: But presumably now because the monks, the beach my monks lived.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's to there yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Close to there for years after the great war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Questions we can ask, but that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soccer is going to be reluctant to answer include where are these seeds, do you know where they are, are there more of them do you know their location and she's gonna be like wait, you know stop walking the same path as like you know that stuff.
Mike Sackton: She might be right.
Mike Sackton: Like I don't know.
Mike Sackton: figuring out who's behind garage seems more achievable than figuring out why there's hundreds of seeds of chaos scattered across town car and then getting rid of all of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we know why they're there because they're like you know much, much like crap you know literally much excrement like when you like dedicated when he died like shema evil like you know all around ran but.
Mike Sackton: Getting rid of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah getting.
Mike Sackton: Like that seems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's the main quest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it reinstating rise protection.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Also, like from well these perspective, the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The quest is like what's down this river, you know, like we could get on a boat on the River hora and be to the confluence north of drink or within three weeks, I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We got the money to buy a boat I.
Eric Rosenbaum: never been down there you know it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: A lot of stories to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But now that we have confirmation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That it's safe to get down there and back again, or at least survivable that's that's huge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a whole new way to maybe just unlock.
Timothy Sackton: 40 years ago.
Mike Sackton: There was some kind of protection from right, making it safer that's now gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I do have like one 800,000th of right next so.
Mike Sackton: i'm sure it'll be fine i'll be like no big deal right like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, so too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I like bobby's curious just to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): see where they went, like let's see what's there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe there's clues that we're missing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that we need to go there to find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: A civil war could break out very soon here in in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Denmark Denmark.
Mike Sackton: All the more reason to go somewhere else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right and we may have just painted an enormous target on ourselves for anyone looking for you know centers of power and such.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we should try to take this riverboat pretty incognito.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be something if we told, no one and just fled South and just disappeared.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where where do we think the cloak went or where did the guy chasing the clip go to.
Mike Sackton: The Southwest darby right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: The cloak was.
Mike Sackton: That the quote that hides the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we ever actually see it or income.
Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if what if we go to DARPA.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And this will be much more inclined to make a plan inductive Lee then de de actively like what if we go to DARPA with her boat we sell over to drink more than we can come up river that way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can check on the cloak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have a nice sale.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well.
Mike Sackton: You can easily hire a boat to sell to drink.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can teach you how to do it.
Mike Sackton: If we need to.
Timothy Sackton: You mean purchase about.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got some goals.
Timothy Sackton: You saw your terms and read probably you could definitely purchase.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I don't know exactly what kenzo wants to do but Dave Kong definitely wants to go to drink or to find Avatar like I think that's got to happen, like we have to find them at all that's like that's like you know, a must.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or we could just retire in the mountains.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go to the failed and see if there are other perspectives on all this planar stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just like i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I don't I think well, please take is like suck is like data is not wrong but it's very skeptical of the conclusions that she's like to well be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like sockets approach to this whole thing seems so much like the, who was the head of the order in Tokyo that's like oh it's the gods will like the person got kidnapped like that's probably the god's will that they got kidnapped like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe we need a second opinion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe the Center or second opinion to.
Eric Rosenbaum: be easier to talk to this entire, then the failed but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Both are interesting yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't talk the Center runs again didn't we have like a thing we said with them like hey we want to meet you again like let's do this and they gave us some instructions.
Timothy Sackton: yeah uh i'm sure it's in my notes somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like leave some gum on this door and then will appear three weeks later, so like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is like probably the most appealing thing to kenzo right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is to go with what's the name of john's character.
Timothy Sackton: To cod.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cod.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He wants to go and just hang out with the stone board and get away from all the shit just like.
retired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: retired.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): vacation to Arc for a few episodes maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know honestly honestly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's an aspect of like kenzo needs to like go clear his head and like wants to go and just like like kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meditate on all this for a little bit This is like.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rest of cure for like him therapy, you know you got to get it out of your system, maybe some mountain like hot baths.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got a fucking dwarf vaccination to my to my my fucking like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: infection.
Eric Rosenbaum: We get to recuperate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do to recuperate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's nowhere safe anymore, as long as we're walking around that sector.
Mike Sackton: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're pretty identifiable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah tons of lumps to go go into the mountains and hang out with a stone board for a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or just go straight to drink or hmm.
Mike Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean seekers only clue about his brother is like that he's trapped in some fireplace right.
Timothy Sackton: TIM pretty much yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't you disappear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just before I left.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I don't know the exact number years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret would know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was double blind you Mike.
Mike Sackton: I was trying to figure that out.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: move onward in some fashion, like.
Mike Sackton: he's not.
Mike Sackton: he's not interest, I mean.
Mike Sackton: The civil war coming civil war and the admire feels to.
Mike Sackton: Like a human problem he's like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This will become this will become to deal with for.
Mike Sackton: A while long perspective it just.
Mike Sackton: there's no way detlef could help right.
Like.
Mike Sackton: it's like you know the humans have to start this up cells right like we can't who knows who's right or wrong there's not like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't think we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: played everything that's on the table, like us doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our show like I don't think that's us.
Mike Sackton: getting out of to cry is killing it right like moving onward somewhere, but whether that's going to drink or or going.
Mike Sackton: On a wild goose chase to find seekers brother or like going to the a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like burger is not intelligent so there's not a place that we can go to find him, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We could.
Mike Sackton: Go to I mean.
Mike Sackton: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is where he is he's with rye, on the other side of the of the Caesar chaos and not the manager.
Eric Rosenbaum: At this point, that's my best.
Mike Sackton: place it.
Mike Sackton: feels like eventually.
Mike Sackton: We need to go back to Carson and find out what crashes doing, but I think he feels a little bit uncertain as to.
Mike Sackton: What the path that we have there is.
Mike Sackton: As long as we're moving.
Mike Sackton: On a path.
Mike Sackton: he's gonna like trust that this path will be the right path.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we ride the river.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have a couple of other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): items of power that that we could ask their opinion on I mean you could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You could get the take from the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The fake creature in the ring.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and, potentially, we could ask the sector, where the cloak is.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's interesting the fake creature in the ring my senses, he has only a sort of mysterious self interest in mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: wants to be.
With.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The separate rushes pure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would say more about the fake fake creature, and the way again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tries from from Agha.
Eric Rosenbaum: Its name is Tina it was trapped in this ring and lives in the wants to came from the failed and wants to return there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And did we get it from agata yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you you're wearing this right yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you've been wearing it since we killed.
Agha.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): prosecutorial line of.
Eric Rosenbaum: confers a power of protecting my mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: From influences is that right yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait you been airing you've been carrying a a firewall creature in a ring on your finger this whole time.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's correct that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): protects you from influences wait a second would it protects you from the sector, no that's a terrible question I.
retracted.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll have an answer let's say.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think you asked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bringing the sector back to drink or feels like a good idea.
Mike Sackton: Being bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back it feels like.
Mike Sackton: To be bad it.
feels like a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like a strong move.
What.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could ask the sector, where the cloak is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, honestly, since we're not like sure what we want to do kind of confused why don't we just like embrace the full evil thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like why don't we just full on go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All evil.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): kenzo I would expect that coming from secret, but not for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spit balling here i'm just brainstorming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, because I have some sympathy for the hobgoblin major doesn't mean.
Timothy Sackton: Government major do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We give the hub governments, the sector.
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: likely to end well, although she had very small ambitions just a small slave kicked him.
Timothy Sackton: You wanted a main quest.
Mike Sackton: To create a bill.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that could prevent the civil war by rallying ever run around and exists.
Mike Sackton: Today you go and now you figured out.
Mike Sackton: The good you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly, what other options do we have other than going to drink for right now that's like the main option it's like we go read retrace the just the.
Mike Sackton: style.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the monks edition ma go find this like seat of chaos and see what the Fuck happened right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's one vote from kenzo that's two for me and that's that's the majority.
Timothy Sackton: Let me go to chart in.
Mike Sackton: We have a few side question why don't we go find the eyes of the storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wouldn't mind doing that I wouldn't mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, because we know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where to look for those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and let's just be real about something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But screw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It opens just started.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A whole and let's just let's just like like seriously the seas of chaos thing it's been happening for 250 years right like.
Mike Sackton: That I turned it for two years ago yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shit his bed bunch of seeds of came at say chaos came out to hundreds of years of the world has not exploded, the world is like fucking getting along fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The world was close to exploding four weeks from now.
Timothy Sackton: know the world wasn't gonna explode.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The parts were going to collide, and the tide of chaos and evil would sweep through the land, like.
Timothy Sackton: wow that's what the fraternity sad but you don't know if that's really true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But my point is my point is that it's like the sense of urgency to deal with these seeds of chaos, not as crazy, as I thought right it's not like there's this impending doom and the force in our hands to do X, Y or Z thus Why not go ahead, well.
Mike Sackton: here's the thing as reviewing what garage said.
Mike Sackton: garage said that he was going to be ready to attack in October.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I also.
Mike Sackton: Like like whatever you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like well why don't we why don't we cast a little bit of doubt on success perspective, though, because.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The only reason she has weight is that everybody else died or disappeared, which, in fairness is compelling but like she was the minority opinion.
Mike Sackton: Out of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Every one of the other heads of their orders, plus the most powerful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Major the world has seen in the thousand years, like what if she's wrong.
Mike Sackton: But they all died.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean more.
Eric Rosenbaum: established a new, better place you.
Mike Sackton: know I think they all died I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know they'll die Dale died in my book in a million pieces that that that is that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): way yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I guess it's not green.
Mike Sackton: lighted he said.
Mike Sackton: i'm just trying to find what he said i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thinking about DARPA versus drink or also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: DARPA can play.
Mike Sackton: or X will be ready to strike my OG autumn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Insofar as it says right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where action that thousand miles away.
Mike Sackton: garage was speaking when we were listening to garage he said that the orcs would be ready to strike my autumn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: strike where.
Mike Sackton: He didn't say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if that's still have like pork or civil war.
Mike Sackton: Now might be, he said, the EU got it was gosh, which is the other but I mean it seems sort of sad to have all that nice piece forks slaughtered by there were like brethren.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's what we are now like protecting the Nice orcs from the barracks that's that's what we're doing.
Timothy Sackton: That so there's so many things.
Timothy Sackton: Just gotta.
Mike Sackton: pick one I feel around racism behind that sentence.
Mike Sackton: There, or you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: say my best friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay theory clearly have not been exposed to the.
theory.
Mike Sackton: You could go on to the other side and say it's very patronizing to the else to come in and be like i'm at work savior blah blah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: You know authentic driven movement.
Mike Sackton: They want our help they'll tell us.
Eric Rosenbaum: got it we gotta we gotta.
Mike Sackton: pick a direction well being let's just go that direction.
Mike Sackton: North West East or south.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa whoa the trip to darby look like from.
Mike Sackton: The West.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're like much, much closer to that, then drain core right by effect.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I like.
Mike Sackton: drain course North darpa's last.
Mike Sackton: trick Rousseff me sorry charlton's North darvas last.
Mike Sackton: drain course South and.
Mike Sackton: The play glands is east.
Timothy Sackton: darvas about 400 miles.
Timothy Sackton: West of.
Timothy Sackton: Of toker Now you can take a boat from Darbar to drink or that would probably be faster than the road.
Timothy Sackton: Because you can go to the canal.
Timothy Sackton: charted charting I mean you could take one to drink or two but you'd have to buy your own boat and probably.
Timothy Sackton: All die in the fiesta items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, but that's when we cross over at the mall walking in and.
Timothy Sackton: They say you should never and the campaign with a.
Timothy Sackton: Your ship wreck you all die start again.
Timothy Sackton: Not saying it's totally off the table.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, we can't go northeastern.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not selling to drink or I guess okay.
Mike Sackton: At least know why can't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean i'd love to go to drink her that I think the biggest trouble, though, is getting back again so presumably we could boat down the river.
Eric Rosenbaum: When if we ever worried about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well it's 1000 miles to the confluence and another 200 to the city beyond it.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean we were way out beyond the edge of the map and Carson.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Another way to say this there's no there's no, we know how to get there, but we don't know how to get back again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not worried about that.
Just.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's so much empty map down there will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reason why we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me tell you why why we can't go to chart in first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reason why we can't go to charleston is those mother fuckers are looking for all the funding items that we have and like we're just gonna walk right up into chart and with all of the items that they want no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): brushes to, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brush has to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): His groceries also looking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm a little hesitant to go to drink or without doing some amount of homework first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean finding maps if the city or the ruins are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Better maps of the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean we could learn more about drank or by going to charted that is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe the most information about drank orange and the great library.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other monastic orders around because you need to keep collecting those can we.
Mike Sackton: We could just randomly.
Mike Sackton: archives Baathist.
Timothy Sackton: lock is the one that has.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the most archives, but they're still chinodya there's still our gear they're still chief Ali.
Timothy Sackton: yeah thong car.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now right, I mean cather's at doing that intentionally it's like kenzo became a beach my monk accidentally also became a monk or spoon accidentally he was not seeking those things out, they just happened like literally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Welcome reshma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fine, do you want, you know it wasn't like you know so that wasn't it, that was not a intentional process.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like when people get PhDs an artist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So well here's a question is there where's the most information about drink or then.
Timothy Sackton: charging for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that would be reasonable to chart and.
Timothy Sackton: I mean chart in with found when drank or when the drink or an empire still existed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like the the number one obligation that will be feels like the one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe even the only like commitment is finding the eyes of the storm drain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: agree, I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So much you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can do that as well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cuz, for better or worse, I feel like will be at least made like a very firm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: agree what did the giant do for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are you so utilitarian.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With the giant did for us was encouraged us not to think transaction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We learned nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean seeker would have been the one to take the eyes of the.
Timothy Sackton: giant first right so.
Timothy Sackton: That you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't have the eyes, do you see here.
Mike Sackton: i'm just.
Mike Sackton: i'm just glad secret that you have taken over the role of token evil person in the party.
Mike Sackton: Use the gig up.
Mike Sackton: Like shadow magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because they didn't like evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was pulled shadowed sorts, out of a shadow room come on.
Mike Sackton: Like I was like i've just said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was like pretty blatantly evil.
Mike Sackton: to all the shadow warriors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, wait so, is it now, then going to chart and first get the eyes back because the society do you open scroll almost certainly has the eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Research about drank or then go South the Darbar get the cloak go to drink or find Dimitar close the seed portal thing that right and the monks could not do, but that we will have the hubris to believe that we can do, and then repeat sock as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: story.
Mike Sackton: yeah that was not quite on board with the hubris let's close the portals yet, but the first step sounds good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well he's not planning to close the portals as much as like what's over there, you know.
Where.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm like magical or other means of very, very rare.
Mike Sackton: If we want to go to chart and we should go via DARPA.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Greek because, if we want the cloak like the cloak is going to leave DARPA and go to chart and presumably as soon as it can, if it in fact it's there.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you have definitely RAD of.
Timothy Sackton: legends of being of people being able to teleport across the land.
Timothy Sackton: It is powerful magic that requires a fair bit of that requires more skill than anybody, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Or have ever really heard of but it's definitely something there's like legends that can be done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I did that should all the time right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Why is one of the legends.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Total totally transformed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How it's so great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or what about like by giant flying animals or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eagles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Large levitating structures, like non teleportation but fast travel.
Timothy Sackton: There are definitely magically ways to travel fast, but they're not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a great idea, though, getting like a magic flying device would be fucking great that would be awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: They just tend to be either small or temporary or both.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like I mean there are like rumors of like magic carpets that you could all right on but that's pretty rare right like I mean you have magical flying devices, well done with can make people fly and well beacons can fly with his whistle but they just don't last Friday was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like look at flying for.
Eric Rosenbaum: A day for an hour yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah yeah I mean you can you can make ladders fly for an hour.
Timothy Sackton: it's just it's just the flying for a whole.
Timothy Sackton: Day thing is pretty unusual and.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's like you know, certainly you've heard of giant eagles or I mean you've seen giant vultures right like.
Timothy Sackton: And I got that traveled on presumably the giant flying fly that you possess.
Timothy Sackton: But, again, there was only one of her right so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: And the file us to kill us.
Timothy Sackton: And the fly, yes, wants to kill you.
Timothy Sackton: So, try and solve that problem.
Timothy Sackton: So many things you could do.
Mike Sackton: There is a logic to going to chart.
Mike Sackton: We could look at what is going on with the open scroll we could find more.
Mike Sackton: The next step and hunting information.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would say if we're going to head towards Jordan, we need to mask our identity sufficiently that we don't just immediately get waylaid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ooh that's great idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah we're also traveling with well do you have no idea how to do anything in disguise, would be subtle in any.
way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Only with other people like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What there's not people real good.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's hard to make a dwarf not look like a dwarf to probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and it's also there's a lot of people in charge, and as part of the problem i'll be you know there's like in fact probably the highest density of people anywhere in Calgary and charging so.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Timothy Sackton: Is the secret, you can make yourself turn into anything you want for an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the thing I know for.
Eric Rosenbaum: me just.
Timothy Sackton: lay it out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is entirely possible that in all of tell gar at this moment we are the only company that exists of an alpha human dwarf and a half fling.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can tell people like oh no no we're the other group of adore chanel for human and a half, when you're thinking of them were us like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but I mean can't we like you know, like like candles wear a hat, unlike.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tears.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like why can't like you know it's not crazy to.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm not shaving my beard.
Timothy Sackton: It did make.
Timothy Sackton: You did make it past the bridge cards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into okra.
Timothy Sackton: When they're located.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah when we're already the heroes of terroir you know so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For the story of me also ken's I just have to point out that, after parading me for not disguising well your plan is put a hat on bill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's wrong with wearing a hat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would help we weren't close that helps prevent him to be so alfie.
Mike Sackton: it's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He needs to bulk up.
Mike Sackton: Dallas muscles are very small, he can only lift the little things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): None of us are on.
Eric Rosenbaum: My is like the weakest part of adventures ever.
Eric Rosenbaum: DARPA and over the water to chart and that seems safer to me.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that I think would be the plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's dark again oh there's dharma.
Timothy Sackton: dharma on the coast.
Mike Sackton: Nice I also do out of game need to go to bed soon.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so Narva then we're gonna take a boat from DARPA and sale.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Three Emerald day across the canal.
Mike Sackton: canal here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on this party is about to do a fucking seafaring adventure when we have a Marwan confederate with like fucking five like seasons like see adventures like know how to fight stuff in the ocean like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: US feels this feels this feels this feels bad.
Mike Sackton: You guys know we're gonna get to darby be distracted it go somewhere else right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's as though we're gonna make a plan and stick to it.
Mike Sackton: yeah I don't know why we're pretending.
Mike Sackton: Right like.
Timothy Sackton: You still have information from Kathy on.
Timothy Sackton: Last gods and on MRI.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's true, as we get to learn a little more next time okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: First we're going to do at least one exorcist and took her next time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go back to the monastery and see what.
Mike Sackton: I mean we have to get her portable whole guys.
Timothy Sackton: gotta get your part of a whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we've.
Timothy Sackton: got at least.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Another week or more right.
Timothy Sackton: At least a week a little more than a week you've got you've got a shot at the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we going to put in the front of mirror actually that's a good thing let's talk about that now real quick.
Eric Rosenbaum: simple words gonna break out, while we're deciding what to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With what we're showing here.
Mike Sackton: Did you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do it your jade fragment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ever yeah yeah i've done that in the past yeah that's all I know.
You.
Timothy Sackton: didn't you see right trying to close a portal when he did that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds possible like I totally forgot yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an important detail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I saw sheila I saw right, I saw like the great heroes finish my thought was pretty cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): secrets memory.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of a moment when he was young dwarf curious about the world and eavesdropping on a meeting his parents were in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Efficient have a young apprentice monk unable to speak walking the stone circle near the fountain and hearing faint voices.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): going to listen and hearing the deliberations of the Masters to go East that debate about some portal infiltration of evil that if it could be closed or removed for to the playground league lands and rival help.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what we should put in the mirror to be totally honest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought we were going to do the other, the other side of the scroll.
Mike Sackton: All those mysteries are solved.
Timothy Sackton: Your head is a side that.
Mike Sackton: Tonight yeah we have the whole story of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, these nuts.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can actually see it's got like a little label with his name on it and it's.
Timothy Sackton: amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That Dr is weird enough that it actually works, the time space around it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah but it clearly contains nuts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of a tree.
Is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jennifer I shattered into five pieces.
five.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm on I don't know what page i'm on right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But this was a dream world experience kenzo spoke with rice have vision.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The jade hand of ride which Kansas are shattered into five pieces is connected to some kind of shield protecting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Our.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And perhaps it's to someone's like chart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): darker side of human nature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we're reading this words.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In their session notes.
Mike Sackton: Just search jade hand in the session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there are only five pieces that's something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 20% there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopefully 20% there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So is that can we add that to the quests that's a that's an important quest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): find the other 40 simply.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now we know democrats and drink or we didn't know that for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doing that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah where they said today, David hard headed East are headed towards Bangor.
Timothy Sackton: or he's trapped on some random plane.
Timothy Sackton: Right or he flat sensibly.
Timothy Sackton: And is living has best life in the mountain somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, I also want to ask soka about all of the different things i've seen in my dreams of why.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, let me propose this because it is, it is getting late.
Timothy Sackton: um is there, what like is there other do you have more conversation, you want to have with soccer at this point that you want to roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, like individual stuff or like party stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may think of some other stuff I have some individual stuff I want, I want to ask her about some of his dreams that I bad.
Timothy Sackton: So should we.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I just need to wrap up I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am I.
Timothy Sackton: gotta go see.
Timothy Sackton: it's getting late.
Eric Rosenbaum: um where we had on scheduling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh good.
Timothy Sackton: So we have.
Timothy Sackton: We have two weeks from today and the calendar right.
Timothy Sackton: march 3 is in the.
Timothy Sackton: Calendar cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's good for me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, good for me.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah cool.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: But, but let me suggest the following is that, as far as I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows what you'll actually end up doing right you'll get back in a few days.
Timothy Sackton: there'll be some more information that you'll learn.
Timothy Sackton: you'll have to wait around for the portable whole.
Timothy Sackton: arrangement is still hanging around killing werewolves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh good I can I start doing around to you on me.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So there will be some amount of like coke or a wrap up.
Timothy Sackton: Also you'll level up to level eight.
Timothy Sackton: So take a look at what choices, you have to make for your character.
Timothy Sackton: But let's um.
Timothy Sackton: let's plan on starting next session in the camp.
Timothy Sackton: But then kind of time skipping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To yes.
Timothy Sackton: Because time skipping a little bit kinda until you leave toker I just kind of jumping around and pieces.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More than the mess that our next major goal is just deciding where the five we're going to go next that's what that's we're going to decide that and then TIM you'll have time to i'll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Oh there's a lot of you yeah there's plenty of plenty of choices and there'll be some travel, so I don't have to have seven.
Timothy Sackton: On posture what ventures gets out i'm i'm On top of that it's it's good um and I know you're I know you're gonna end up going to DARPA and not get distracted by whatever's there, so I don't have to really think beyond.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: If there was a surprise to us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Those suckers advice right go get distracted.
Timothy Sackton: yeah ah.
Timothy Sackton: And, of course, actually what I was actually going to happen is once you once you learn the information that casts is bad for you we're gonna go do something totally different.
yeah.
that's will be.
Timothy Sackton: Well, maybe not ah, but but between now and next session if there's anything think about if there's anything you wanted to so you'll have you'll have like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh on.
Timothy Sackton: A week to 10 days in Tokyo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wants to make a staff out of the woods from that tree in the middle of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know how.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see you guys on the.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers on this mission to just to like investigate the tree and try to climb part of it and.
Eric Rosenbaum: learn about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That about it.